Culture
There is either DNA or Culture, everything else is entropy. That is perhaps the most detailed
culture deck in the world. Full of stories from LATOKEN slack.

 

  I commit to prioritizing clients, focusing on delivery, fostering transparency and accountability, providing candid feedback,
  and embracing all feedback to improve without ever giving up. Embracing these principles is essential to establishing a
  culture of Olympic Freedom and Responsibility, aimed at achieving mission-critical successes. This cultural framework is
  necessary because new companies should only exist if they offer a culture that can creatively outperform legacy players.
  Culture evolves through a silent economic war where better cultures replace outdated ones as they compete for clients
  through superior products and pricing. Rapid cultural evolution is crucial for survival in this environment, as intuition alone
  is not sufficient. The culture of Olympic Principles, which emphasizes freedom and responsibility in creating the future, is a
  response to the demand for rapid evolution and success in the modern economic battlefield.



I commit to:
 • Put clients first, ego last - never nurture grievances or selfish interests.
 • Demo or Die. Focus to deliver, never seek excuses and remove bad apples doing the opposite.

 • Make transparent and accountable work of yourself and teammates to remove freeriders and resolve blockers for
   sportsman.

 • Give candid feedback to level up performance, and eliminate talking behind the back.
 • Use any feedback to grow and never give up, never quit.

By doing the above, I will build the culture of Olympic Freedom and Responsibility for mission driven critical hits.

Apply to join>⁠




President of NVIDIA: “I’d rather torture you into greatness, rather than give up on you.”


                                            Loading…




By doing the above, I will build the culture of “Olympic Freedom and Responsibility for the mission driven critical hits“

     Culture is not something what we have in our hearts. It is not a set of our beliefs. Culture is a set of actions. Who you are is
     what you do. Culture is how and which decisions are made, especially if no one sees.



     We have beliefs and Principles and we will do everything to make them working. We leverage shocking rules to make it clear.

     For example, if one is not following the Rule to be the client of the product her is building - her would not be able to build it.
A better culture is the reason for unicorns
Generally, new companies should not exist. The only reason is their new culture which can solve creativity paradoxes to punch
through legacy players.

Culture is born in the war of economic selection. Culture is the war between the past and the future. Once a greater culture is
born, it erases cultures of the past. Past cultures strive to survive and thus the war is imminent and intence as culturicide
erases way more information than genocide.

We do not smell this war with rooten flash on the streets as the war is now on the markets. Cultures compete for clients via
products and prices instead of guns. Thus the war is now global and ligtning fast.

Evolve culture lightning fast or die. That is evolution.



... Intuition is not enough, understand the mechanics



Why the culture of “Olympics of Principals Free and Responsible to
Build the Future”
                 Cut Cancer
                 Parasites are the main killers, not wars. Cut
                 cancer fast, before it spreads through …




                 Goal of life - share in Nasdaq index
                 The proof that your life made an impact -
                 your stake in Nasdaq index. Get stock …




                 Get Stock Options
                 We overpay 10-1000x with stocks to
                 principals. Be stakeholder of the future you…




                 Report Free Riding
                 If one can benefit from fake work - all others
                 will end up poorly. Report free riding …




                 The Principles: Olympics of Freedom
                 and Responsibility to Build the Future
                 Once agreed on the Principles - we agreed…
Cut Cancer
Parasites are the main killers, not wars. Cut cancer fast, before it spreads through organism.
Deadly cultural cancer is when freeriding is Nash stable. The startups are a better solution for
the cultural cancer problem, the single reason for them to exist.

1. Agent is a deadly cultural cancer - cut it before all organism is infected.
Cancer is a cell cheating on an organism when other cells fail to detect and stop it.

Wars are not the main people’s killer, parasites are. The same about organisations - they shade away due to the infectious
cancer culture of agents free-riders. Agents use a lack of transparency to cheat on Principals. Agent try to infect teammates
around to lower standards and cover fake work of each other.


                                                            Loading…




2. Cancer Agents use asymmetry of information to freeride Principals.
An agent knows details of execution unknown to the principal and this assymetry of information may be used to freeride them.
For example: Newly hired HR may blameshift lack of hires to negative attitude of candidates to crypto or to the company. The
real reason could be zero attempts to contact candidates or poor quality of communication. If principals do not have capacity to
check the number of contact attempts or check messages and calls records, than why not to freeride them?

So, again, teammates who work closely with him and know his actual workload have two options: ask him to leave the company
or enjoy him as a bar lowerer so their weak performance now look relatively ok and they may cooperate to reinforce the
excuses to lower the bar of a Nash stable strategy further.

This decision is a differentiator between an Agent and a Principal. Make the right choice, once the wrong one is done, it starts
to self-enforce and shape the future for yourself and for humankind.

Dr. Ringelmann found out that with a rope pulling team size growth to 8 average effort declines 50%. An exception is only when
team consists of professional sportsmen (as free-riders are wiped out fast in sports).
3. Challenge freeriding to make a hardworking Nash stable strategy
That is how you ensure no one can benefit with an alternative strategy, thus champion strategy is Nash stable.

For example: A teammate uses the freeriding strategy in order to save some time and doesn’t make the task “grandma clear” in
the SCRUM format “Who needs What for Why”. Saved time allows that teammate to do more tasks than other members of the
team, so he may have a career advantage over teammates. Also teammates have less clarity about what he is doing so he may
fake his work and do a side business to resell what his teammates produced.

If teammates ask him to make an effort to write an appropriate story and give him less score on 360, his benefit on time saving
may be below loss in social currency. Thus, his strategy to save time on writing a proper story will have negative profit. Either
he will go bankrupt or change her strategy to write a story in scrum format.

Small, yet powerful with the compound effect.


High Performance Culture = Agents can not collude against Principals to hide freeriding as:




1. performance is transparent with OKRs, 360 and
2. most of the team are Principals who report freeriding as
3. most of the teammates are motivated by stocks and
4. their goal of life is to change the world with a product


Now you know the underlying theory for our layer 1 cultural protocol:


I commit to:
 • Put clients first, ego last <= (4. their goal of life is to change the world with a product, 3. most of the teammates motivated
   by stocks)

 • Demand exceptional performance from myself and teammates like olympic sportsmen principal (2. most of the team
   are Principals who report freeriding)

 • Give candid feedback and eliminate talking behind the back (2. most of team are Principals who report freeriding)
 • Use any feedback to grow and never give up, never quit (imminent threat to existence drives evolution)




Do the above to have the right answer:


Did you detect cancer cells before too late for the organisation organism?

                               Loading…

Why would teammates challenge a freerider to write a proper story and not to join him to freeride company instead?

Yes, because they are all principals living to change the world, proved by their stake in Nasdaq index.




                Get Stock Options
                We overpay 10-1000x with stocks to
                principals. Be stakeholder of the future you…




                Report Free Riding
                If one can benefit from fake work - all others
                will end up poorly. Report free riding …




                Goal of life - share in Nasdaq index
                The proof that your life made an impact -
                your stake in Nasdaq index. Get stock …




                The Principles: Olympics of Freedom
                and Responsibility to Build the Future
                Once agreed on the Principles - we agreed…




                Who are you?




Did you detect cancer cells before too late for organisation organism?
The Principles: Olympics of Freedom and
Responsibility to Build the Future
Once agreed on the Principles - we agreed on many decisions based on them. Teammates
leverage the agreed principles to make their judgements and decisions aligned with the
common goal without infinite reconciliations. So they move faster and hit targets.


                  Fire good ones for freedom
                  Only candid champions for freedom and
                  responsibility. Fire B or A quit.




Generally, new companies should not exist. The only reason is their new culture which can solve creativity paradoxes to punch
through legacy players.


I commit to:

 • Put clients first, ego last - never nurture grievances or selfish interests.

 • Demo or Die. Focus to deliver, never seek excuses and remove bad apples doing the opposite.
 • Make transparent and accountable work of yourself and teammates to remove freeriders and resolve blockers for
   sportsman.

 • Give candid feedback to level up performance, and eliminate talking behind the back.

 • Use any feedback to grow and never give up, never quit.

By doing the above, I will build the culture of Olympic Freedom and Responsibility for mission driven critical hits.


Apply to join>⁠




                                                      ​LATOKEN PRINCIPLES (RULES)
Culture is born in the war of economic selection. The war is between the past and the future. Once a greater
culture is born, it erases cultures of the past. Past cultures strive to survive and thus the war is imminent and
intence as cultu3ricide erases way more information than genocide.
We do not smell this war with rooten flash on the streets.
The war is now on the markets. Cultures compete for clients via products and prices instead of guns. Thus the
war is now global and ligtning fast. Evolve culture lightning fast or die. That is evolution.


(To avoid confusion, this text is written in 2020. Update from the CEO “I donate to the war refugees. Any
violation of human rights is a threat to the free markets and humankind. Humans should compete via fair market competition to
evolve, otherwise the technology will destroy us.”)



   Culture is not something what we have in our hearts. It is not a set of our beliefs. Culture is a set of actions. Who you are is
   what you do. Culture is how and which decisions are made, especially if no one sees.
   We have beliefs and Principles and we will do everything to make them working. We leverage shocking rules to make it clear.

   For example, if one is not following the Rule to be the client of the product her is building - her would not be able to build it.



We commit to follow LATOKEN Principles. If we violate any of them we report it, make our best to fix mistake and learn from the
failure. We help teammates to follow the principles. If we think one is violating the principles - we will tell about it to her or
speak up to her supervisor, and of course would not talk behind a person’s back without her supervisor.


1. Our Goal of Life is to make the world better with a product
Otherwise, what would one do in a startup? Why does startup need tension originated by conflicts of other goals with the
innovator’s mission? How would one choose the right priorities? There will be constant tensions with our principles such as
Client First, Ego Last or Never waste time or Get out of comfort.

    a. Align your daily tasks with the product mission via grandma clear OKRs. If you do not understand the mission - make
       extra effort to understand. “Company has no vision or mission or culture” is a top excuse of agents to freeride
        principals.

    b. If you need to be inspired - do not do this. Get out.


2. Clients First, Ego Last
    a. We are the users. Be the client of the product you are building.Test it, and talk with clients.
    b. Align each task and second of your life with the clients success. Architect 200 trln of your synapses and 100x more of
       synapses around for your life mission lasting beyond your body life. Every evening or weekend you have meaningful
        time with yourself, teammates, your relatives and friends helpful to achieve your mission. Isn’t it?

    c. Feel grievance about clients, not about yourself. Clients are not for serving our egos of being the rulers of the future.
       Do not defend or excuse our ego.

    d. Think big. Count in second- and third-order consequences. Learn from books of top tech founders and investors.
    e. Take a reasonable risk. Tolerate mistakes and do not tolerate incompetence. Mistakes are ok, if reported and learned. If
       you suffer - good, it means you are growing.


3. Demo or Die. Focus to deliver, never seek excuses and remove bad apples doing the
opposite
    a. Get shit done. Hardwork and achievement is not a pleasant comfort travel, thus most people try to avoid it. Do not
       allow to sneak out, force to get shit done.

    b. Discover the root problem or blocker. Ask “why did it happen 4 times to get in-depth insight into what should be fixed.
    c. Crystalise blokers in projects update and solve one by one. If there are no such clarity, it is likely that the doers
       decided to work to prove that they should not do the task or task is undoable. Do not allow fake work, nor vague
       defined work.

    d. Eliminate low standards or excuse seeking before a Bad apple spoils entire harvest. If others see that avoiding
       ownership and seeking excuse is a beneficial strategy - high performance strategy is not a Nash stable anymore and
       we are dead zombies.

    e. Have your highest-performance responsibility area, limit jumping around. Know who you are and what your personal
       mission is.

     f. Double effort when failed. Learning how to get out of shit is the greatest one. Get shit done.
4. Make transparent and accountable work of yourself and teammates to remove freeriders
and resolve blockers for sportsman
   a. Transparent Work. Projects, Tasks and Work done of each teammate must be clear to you. Each standup you
      understand who did what yesterday, plan to do today and what are their blockers. Ensure the tasks have real stories
      Who need What for Why, comments for hours billed are clear and reasonable, ask “stupid questions” if anything is
      unclear.

   b. Make teammates accountable. Grill evasive behaviours to push bad apple and freeriders out while making clear to
      others to avoid copying the toxic evasive strategy. If weekly Demo is not done - ask why a teammate did not push hard
      to resolve blockers. Smash attempts to avoid the questions asked or to blur details of the blockers. You critical thinking
      skills are very important to judge if there are excuses or real independent blockers.

   c. Elimintate covering. Agents (bad apples and freeriders) are making friends to cover each other by injectig lies,
      changing topics when asked unpleasant questions and mutually avoiding writing clear stories, project updates and
      blockers. Crush them.

   d. Report mistakes. If you feel pain due to accountability, this means you are growing. Get our of comfort to grow.


4. Candid feedback, no politics
   a. Give open feedback asap. Wrong public feedback is way better than polite tacit disagreement and talking behind our
      backs - that is prohibited politics. We do not hide our opinions and never talk behind. If we suffer from our openness -
      this means we are growing. If we see something unethical or if we are unhappy, it is our job to speak up.

   b. Eliminate talking behind and gossips. We share with others only what we would say if the other person was in the
      room. If we discuss a misalignment - it should be heard by the person or her supervisors as we want to correct it.
      Otherwise it is likely to be collusion against a teammate, and potentially against all teammates and clients. We stop and
      report talking behind.

   c. Prefer productive open conflict to find a great solution over tacit compromise over mediocracy.
   d. Get any feedback to grow. It does not matter if feedback is accurate or not. The ultimate feedback - startup and you
      are dead 10,000 to 1 if you do not do 10x, 10x and 10x better. You are dead means your culture will not be remembered
      and passed to next generations. Why do you live then?

   e. No politics. Negative public feedback should not change you attitude to a person under fire, work with her like with any
      other teammate.


5. Navy Seals to Every Role
   a. Raise the bar with any hire. Newcomers must be better than we are today, so we become greater tomorrow.
   b. Hire and raise your successor from day one. That is how you accelerate vesting and value of your stocks.

   c. Everyone is responsible for hiring. Managers are promoted based on their ability to attract and develop top talent.
   d. Do Sugar Cookie traning. Put a pressure early to learn if the Navy Seal is ready for the real encounter.


6. Be Ethically Radically Transparent, Yet Keep Our Secrets and Know Hows
   a. Grandma should understand your OKRs, tasks, and failures at first glance.

   b. Report mistakes. Hiding mistake espesially with a lie is a crime.
   c. Stories must be “Who needs What for Why”.

   d. Give open feedback. We do not hide our opinions and never backtalk. If we suffer from our openness - this means we
      are growing. If we see something unethical or if we are unhappy, it is our job to speak up.
    e. Negative feedback in public meeting is better than no feedback. Especially if one demonstrates negligence to the
       principles.

    f. We ask for help when getting stuck or feel incompetent.
    g. Keep confidential data under lock such as client personal data, salaries, bonuses, procedures related to security, our
       conflicts and hurdles.

    h. Report to supervisor and CEO if the Principles or Code of Ethics are violated or not working well, report any fake work,
       any freeriding or cheating.

    i. Speak up to compliance, do not wash our dirty linen in public outside company. Follow NDA contract obligations. Public
       can not be expert in our internal problems.



I am joining LATOKEN because I believe in the mission to put money at people’s fingertips to build and co-own the future.

I am joining LATOKEN because I believe in the Principles, will act accordingly to them and will do everything I can to make them
work perfectly for the mission.

I will demand from others to perform and use my critical reasoning and high standards if hear I excuses for adequate or lack of
performance.




Principles to benefit clients
Ensure principles are used to build great product for clients. Report if Principles are misused. Slack had “empathy” as a top
value, however some employees started to use it against candid feedback... what happened - see in this video.


                                                             Loading…                                           ⁠




How do we help the Principles to work. Learn:



                Get Stock Options
                We overpay 10-1000x with stocks to
                principals. Be stakeholder of the future you…




                Report Free Riding
                If one can benefit from fake work - all others
                will end up poorly. Report free riding …




                Goal of life - share in Nasdaq index
                The proof that your life made an impact -
                your stake in Nasdaq index. Get stock …




                The Principles: Olympics of Freedom
                and Responsibility to Build the Future
                Once agreed on the Principles - we agreed…
Who are you?




The Shocking Rules
Culture is not what we feel in our hearts.
Culture is not a set of principles. Culture is …




Wartime Principles
In wartime, a company is fending off an
imminent existential threat.




Cut Cancer
Parasites are the main killers, not wars. Cut
cancer fast, before it spreads through …
Wartime Principles
In wartime, a company is fending off an imminent existential threat.

In wartime, a company is fending off an imminent existential threat.




                            Loading…



Ben Horowitz:


“Definitions and Examples
Peacetime in business means those times when a company has a large advantage vs. the competition in its core market, and
its market is growing. In times of peace, the company can focus on expanding the market and reinforcing the company’s
strengths.

In wartime, a company is fending off an imminent existential threat. Such a threat can come from a wide range of sources
including competition, dramatic macro economic change, market change, supply chain change, and so forth. The great wartime
CEO Andy Grove marvellously describes the forces that can take a company from peacetime to wartime in his book Only The
Paranoid Survive.

A classic peacetime mission is Google’s effort to make the Internet faster. Google’s position in the search market is so dominant
that they determined that anything that makes the Internet faster accrues to their benefit as it enables users to do more
searches. As the clear market leader, they focus more on expanding the market than dealing with their search competitors. In
contrast, a classic wartime mission was Andy Grove’s drive to get out of the memory business in the mid 1980s due to an
irrepressible threat from the Japanese semiconductor companies. In this mission, the competitive threat—which could have
bankrupted the company—was so great that Intel had to exit its core business, which employed 80% of its staff.

In my personal experience, I was a peacetime CEO for about 9 months, then a wartime CEO for the next 7 years. My greatest
management discovery through that transition was that peacetime and wartime require radically different management styles.
Interestingly, most management books describe peacetime CEO techniques while very few describe wartime. For example, a
basic principle in most management books is that you should never embarrass an employee in a public setting. On the other
hand, in a room filled with people, Andy Grove once said to an employee who entered the meeting late: “All I have in this world
is time, and you are wasting my time.” Why such different approaches to management?

In peacetime, leaders must maximize and broaden the current opportunity. As a result, peacetime leaders employ techniques to
encourage broad-based creativity and contribution across a diverse set of possible objectives. In wartime, by contrast, the
company typically has a single bullet in the chamber and must, at all costs, hit the target. The company’s survival in wartime
depends upon strict adherence and alignment to the mission.

When Steve Jobs returned to Apple, the company was weeks away from bankruptcy—a classic wartime scenario. He needed
everyone to move with precision and follow his exact plan; there was no room for individual creativity outside of the core
mission. In stark contrast, as Google achieved dominance in the search market, Google’s management fostered peacetime
innovation by enabling and even requiring every employee to spend 20% of their time on their own new projects.

Peacetime and Wartime management techniques can both be highly effective when employed in the right situations, but they
are very different. The Peacetime CEO does not resemble the Wartime CEO.



Peacetime CEO/Wartime CEO
Peacetime CEO knows that proper protocol leads to winning. Wartime CEO violates protocol in order to win.

Peacetime CEO focuses on the big picture and empowers her people to make detailed decisions. Wartime CEO cares about a
speck of dust on a gnat’s ass if it interferes with the prime directive.

Peacetime CEO builds scalable, high volume recruiting machines. Wartime CEO does that, but also builds HR organizations that
can execute layoffs.

Peacetime CEO spends time defining the culture. Wartime CEO lets the war define the culture.

Peacetime CEO always has a contingency plan. Wartime CEO knows that sometimes you gotta roll a hard six.

Peacetime CEO knows what to do with a big advantage. Wartime CEO is paranoid.

Peacetime CEO strives not to use profanity. Wartime CEO sometimes uses profanity purposefully.

Peacetime CEO thinks of the competition as other ships in a big ocean that may never engage. Wartime CEO thinks the
competition is sneaking into her house and trying to kidnap her children.

Peacetime CEO aims to expand the market. Wartime CEO aims to win the market.

Peacetime CEO strives to tolerate deviations from the plan when coupled with effort and creativity. Wartime CEO is completely
intolerant.

Peacetime CEO does not raise her voice. Wartime CEO rarely speaks in a normal tone.

Peacetime CEO works to minimize conflict. Wartime CEO heightens the contradictions.

Peacetime CEO strives for broad based buy in. Wartime CEO neither indulges consensus-building nor tolerates disagreements.

Peacetime CEO sets big, hairy audacious goals. Wartime CEO is too busy fighting the enemy to read management books
written by consultants who have never managed a fruit stand.

Peacetime CEO trains her employees to ensure satisfaction and career development. Wartime CEO trains her employees so
they don’t get their ass shot off in the battle.

Peacetime CEO has rules like “we’re going to exit all businesses where we’re not number 1 or 2.” Wartime CEO often has no
businesses that are number 1 or 2 and therefore does not have the luxury of following that rule.


Can a CEO Be Both?
Can a CEO build the skill sets to lead in both peacetime and wartime?

One could easily argue that I failed as a peacetime CEO, but succeeded as a wartime one. John Chambers had a great run as
peacetime CEO of Cisco, but has struggled as Cisco has moved into war with Juniper, HP, and a range of new competitors.
Steve Jobs, who employs a classical wartime management style, removed himself as CEO of Apple in the 1980s during their
longest period of peace before coming back to Apple for a spectacular run more than a decade later during their most intense
war period.

I believe that the answer is yes, but it’s hard. Mastering both wartime and peacetime skill sets means understanding the many
rules of management and knowing when to follow them and when to violate them.

Be aware that management books tend to be written by management consultants who study successful companies during
their times of peace. As a result, the resulting books describe the methods of peacetime CEOs. In fact, other than the books
written by Andy Grove, I don’t know of any management books that teach you how to manage in wartime like Steve Jobs or
Andy Grove.”


                                                             Loading…
                                                                       Loading…




Sign the wartime principles
Idea                                                                           Vote           Upvoters

I will listen to the CEO carefully and strive to hit the targets he point at          👍   7
all costs with a single bullet.

I understand that LATOKEN is in a typical wartime stage: we                           👍   7
concentrate effort for critical hits to test well prioritised hypothesis.




                  Focus on The Critical Hit
                  Get it really done or die




                  Comfort is Suicide
                  Ben can not stop asking: Did you do all the
                  best to evolve life?
Learn The Navy Seal Rules
Find the weak heart and eliminate from ever
becoming a Navy Seal
Who are you?
There are some typical survival strategies which are toxic for a startup such as Free Rider or Comfort seeker or Careerist you
should detect and force to quit. B people magnet C people to look better.

Be Visionary Achiever. Magnet Visionary achievers. Try to convert hard workers into Visionary achievers and have a substitute
for hard worker as her likely to burn out each 12 month. A people magnet A+ people to raise the bar for themselves, shift
frontiers and deliver outstanding product to clients.

There are also Star Jerk or Too smart to learn from Titans, not mentioned in the table. They are unlikely to read this pages and
will not catch up with the firm growth.


There are some typical survival strategies.
Principle             Free rider               Comfort seeker          Careerist               Curious buddy           Hard worker               Vision

Goal of life          Change or destroy        Replicate the world  Change or destroy          Learn the world.        Meet others               Make
                      the world to take        by repeating comfort the world to take                                  expectations.             better
                      advantage of others.     rituals.             advantage of others.                                                         produ
                                                                                                                                                 people

Think big             Focus on short term      Focus on closest        Learned how to take     Know a lot, but fail to Know how to meet          Draw
                      personal benefit.        comfort.                advantage and think     connect dots.           career expectation        model
                                                                       rarely outside of it.                           of her mon.               neuroe
                                                                                                                                                 marke
                                                                                                                                                 50, 50

Use the product you   No                       Touched it in case if   Touched it in case if   Tried it few moth       If asked by her boss.     Daily u
build                                          asked.                  asked.                  ago. And would not                                money
                                                                                               do again until                                    and gr
                                                                                               someone says there                                app.
                                                                                               is something new
                                                                                               and interesting.

Gets shit done        Wait other to do her     Avoid tasks and         Do what enrich her      Leave important         Do anything the boss Do any
                      tasks, while pretend     make her look           CV or help to get       tasks undone to         asked to do.         the ta
                      to be busy. Fake         overloaded to           advantage over          learn some new                               full res
                      tasks done, make         bargain less tasks      teammates.              staff.                                       the re
                      shit around.

Transparent           Fake or tweak data       Blur and change         Fake data to hide     Blur reality with         Yes. Will report if       Yes. W
                                               topics.                 failures and avoid    random topics.            someone fakes data.       someo
                                                                       tasks not serving her
                                                                       interests.

Attitude to Vision    Company has no           Company has no          Company has no          Why do they repeat      Blind about the           Build t
and OKRs              vision, no culture, no   vision and future.      vision and future. I    the same boring         result, struggle to       involve
                      moral, and no future.    Why should I work at    should take care of     vision and OKRs.        distinguish between       build.
                      Lets cooperate to let    all?                    myself.                                         work and result.
                      it down.

Helps Teammates       Help to hide             Help to hide            Can create problem      Like to learn           Help if asked. May        Help t
                      mistakes and find        mistakes and find       to be needed to         teammates problems      do all work for a         take re
                      excuses why tasks        excuses why tasks       help.                   and processes.          comfort seeker,           and fin
                      are not doable. Thus     are not doable. Thus                            Helps while it is not   careerist or free rider   solutio
                      may have many            may have many                                   boring.                 and would not
                      friends.                 friends.                                                                notice.
Raises the bar         Pretend raising the    Lower the bar to       Pretend raising the    Curious if other         Try to hold the bar   Raises
                       bar while trying to    have less risk to be   bar while trying to    teammates are            as boss asked.        examp
                       demotivate others.     fired.                 demotivate others.     raising the bar.

Never backtalk         Gossip to destroy      Gossip to weaken       Gossip to coordinate Curious to know            Would report          Repor
                       any trust.             Visionary Achievers    Comfort seekers and gossips.                    backtalk. When        Have a
                                              so they cant fire      Curious buddies                                 burned out can        give d
                                              them.                  against Visionary                               initiate backtalk.
                                                                     Achievers.

Burn out probability   Low when here is       Already burned out     Fast if cant benefit   High when not much Each 2 years if lack        Rarely
                       lack of transparency   or has nothing to      her career or got a    new around or if       of appraisal            vision
                                              burn                   similar offer (which   boss tries to focus or                         impos
                                                                     her always seek)       demand hard things                             the vis
                                                                                            done several times                             recove

Her potential          Free her from          Free her from          Free her from          Good for junior-mid      Good mid manager      Can b
                       startup fast           startup fast           startup fast           cross unit education     for operations.       owner
                                                                                            positions. If does not                         succe
                                                                                            fit her ambition will                          produ
                                                                                            be a careerist.                                a CEO

% of population        10%                    50%                    10%                    10%                      1%                    0.1%
Orientation
Are you an "Alex" or "Ben"?

                                               ​Cute apps and teammates
You may feel cute when touching your Apple mouse, this Coda platform, Google search bar, Facebook friend, Uber taxi buttons.

                                        ​You may imagine a designer drawing these apps.


Meet Alex and Anna
Alex is a beacon of zen-like calm, drawing inspiration from Anna's supportive smile. Her presence helps him strike a balance
between work and life, enabling him to work smarter, not harder, in a state of productive harmony. Their cheerful teammates
often gather around the latte machine, sharing stories about weekend movies, shopping adventures, favorite music,
photography, and travel experiences. These casual interactions foster a sense of zen and vitality, fueling their enthusiasm for
creating another beautiful feature.



                                     Are
                                     ​   you on the right and the same page with the team?

                                        ​Your first days’ orientation sets your entire career.

                                      And
                                      ​   now you - meet the real tech builders. Meet Ben.




      ​
      ⁠                                                     Loading…




Click here if you have watched the above video
Ben is far from being a criminal. He is the mastermind behind calming apps like Coinbase, Ripple, Facebook, Twitter, Stripe,
Airbnb, and 811 others. As a startup founder, he has achieved a $1.6 billion exit, and as an investor, he boasts 132+ exits
through his venture capital fund, Andreessen Horowitz (a16z), which manages $20+ billion. Andreessen Horowitz is not the
most sought-after investor for startups merely because of its financial resources.

Startups are drawn to Ben for the culture he fosters. It's this culture that enables startups to tackle difficult problems and
deliver calming solutions to their clients.
Here's a glimpse into the culture he planted back in 2012:




Meet Alex. He's the designer behind the Shutterstock image at the top of this page. Alex is likely a competent freelancer who
assists numerous clients with similar, basic needs. He avoids tackling complex problems, preferring to maintain a calm
demeanor and focusing on simpler issues that he can address in his zen mode. As a pleasant individual, he's a good model for
most people who prefer to see average individuals like themselves for comfort. Alex is not one to challenge the status quo, as
he doesn't want to upset anyone. He's great at posing for the camera, but not so great at solving the tough problems required
to create a new, valuable, and viable product.

Anna is his girlfriend. Her primary goal is to ensure that Alex "belongs to her," investing his time and money into their future
children. Therefore, her main job isn't her career. Her job is to bind him with weekend rituals (the very thing feminists strive to
overcome). If Alex begins to grow too quickly, he might outgrow her and seek independence. Therefore, she might resist him
working in a VC startup aiming for skyrocketing growth. She'd prefer him to be a freelancer under her control, who is just
slightly more successful than the husbands of their friends. She seeks to balance his success against the risk of losing him,
teaching him about work-life balance.

Simultaneously, if Alex starts falling behind one of her friend's husbands, she'll point it out. So, Alex isn't interested in his
friends' success and prefers them to be slightly behind him. If his friend starts discussing something meaningful, he'd signal,
"Are you trying to show that you're smarter than us?" and switch the valuable topic to the safe nonsense of a football show,
travel, or music.
Their imagined happy teammates can't build a new viable feature in a startup. They're unlikely to break free from the mediocre
social gravity produced by their comfort rituals, such as discussing shopping or the weather.

Real startup teammates would ask these people to leave the startup.

They'd wonder which killer feature he learned from competing apps over the weekend. Is the mock-up added into the backlog
priorities? Why hasn't she tested it with a no-code tool to check client interest? They'd share insights on user growth or culture
learned from meaningful time with their like-minded friends and relatives or from books by "super angels.”

A great product is built to make clients feel calm about hard problems solved by the product. Startup members want to move
out of the calm comfort zone to solve hard problems for clients. That's their life goal - to make the world a better place with a
product that shifts the boundaries of what's possible.

Their culture is shaped by this goal, not by mediocre social gravity.

So, where do you learn about culture?

From normal Alexes or from titans like Ben?


Start-uppers are either Unemployable down-shifters OR Champions made to change the
world.


Welcome to learn counterintuitive Hard things about hard things. Our main product is the culture which can shift frontiers.
Fuck off zen freelancers, welcome visionary achievers.




                Run Through The Death Valley
                Each calorie in a startup body is to test
                hypothesys toward product-market fit. Do …
Learn the culture:


                The Principles: Olympics of Freedom
                and Responsibility to Build the Future
                Once agreed on the Principles - we agreed…




                Cut Cancer
                Parasites are the main killers, not wars. Cut
                cancer fast, before it spreads through …




                Who are you?
Your Fast Track Interviews
Learn the culture deck and come through interviews if we could be the best place for you to
grow and build the AIxWEB3 future.

Here at Latoken, we value the tenacity to grow and deliver to make the world a better place. Follow these steps to join us in
building the AIxWEB3 future:

1. Learn About Our Culture and Product: Your first step is to thoroughly understand our company culture and the products
   we offer. To assist you, we provide resources and quizzes to help you gauge your understanding.

2. Decide If We're the Best Place for You in the World: We place talent to frontiers of technology and product to defeat
   entrophy and shift frontier. This is a wast opportunity for those who enjoy to lead in an environment of constant stress,
   chaos, failure and hardships. And a no go for those who seek comfort or work-life balance.

3. Open Doors Meeting with the CEO: Meet our CEO to discuss mission, culture and product (do homework to ask really
   valuable questions - read culture deck). This will deepen your understanding of our culture and goals. During this meeting,
    you'll also take a test to further ascertain your fit with our culture.

4. Participate in Our Hackathon: Here's where you get to put your knowledge into practice. Test an AI product or develop an
   MVP (it's recommended to choose an idea relevant to Latoken and your profession). We're keen to see your persistence
    and delivery skills in action. This is a significant stage where you can secure a job offer based on your performance.

Please note, your CV isn't the most crucial factor for us. We believe that the demonstration of your delivery skills provides a
more reliable indication that your real life goal aligns with ours: making the world a better place.

Ready to take the first step? Apply via BUSINESS TEST or CODING TEST⁠




—

    Batch Interview is your first meeting with your potential supervisor and (sometimes) CEO. You will be able to learn about
    the company mission, products, culture and demonstrate proof of your capacity to deliver.

    Be well prepared to highlight your key achievements and background relevant for the role you applied. Try to fit in 60-90
    seconds. Remember the rule “Waste of time is suicide. Waste of others time is a mass murder. Tell meaningful stories.”

    The batch acquaintance usually takes 30 minutes, and includes a short company introduction. Note that this stage is a
    group interview, therefore each candidates gets 1-2 minutes for a short self-presentation ー use that time to impress the
    interviewers and move to the next stage.

    Top candidates or those who have a next interviewer available could get a shortcut straight to one-on-one interview with
    Hiring Manager (Supervisor) right after Batch Interview.

    Please, follow    Zoom instruction before the interview · Navigating Zoom.

    Check your e-mail for an invitation to proceed further.




New companies generally should not exist.
New companies could exist only because they put together far greater team to build such a greater product to punch through
status quo.
                             Loading…



Learn more:


              Orientation
              Are you an "Alex" or "Ben"?




              The Principles: Olympics of Freedom
              and Responsibility to Build the Future
              Once agreed on the Principles - we agreed…




              Home tasks
              Learn how you could change the future with
              your unit teammates. Select the unit and …
Zoom instruction before the interview
Navigating Zoom


  *Please note that the time of Interview is indicated by Moscow time on Calendly




                                                                                      ⁠


Before the meeting
• At the start time of your meeting, click on the link in your invitation via computer/ smartphone. You may be instructed to
  download the Zoom application.
• It is desirable that you check your audio and video devices before the meeting.
• If you have nor enabled the setting to automatically join by computer audio, you can test your speaker and microphone
  before joining a meeting:

   ◦ Select the “Computer Audio” tab to join the meeting
   ◦ Click “Test speaker” and microphone




   ◦ The meeting will display a pop-up window to test your speakers. If you don't hear the ringtone, use the drop-down
     menu or click “No” to switch speakers until you hear the ringtone. Click “Yes” to continue to the microphone test.




                                                 ⁠

   ◦ If you don't hear an audio replay, use the drop-down menu or click “No” to switch microphones until you hear the reply.
     Click “Yes” when you hear the replay.




   ◦ Click “Join with Computer Audio”.
• Testing your video before a meeting:
   ◦ Log in to the Zoom client.
   ◦ Click your profile picture then click Settings.




   ◦ Click the “Video” tab.



                                           ⁠

• You will see a preview of your camera and can choose a different camera if needed.




                                                                    ⁠


During the meeting
• When you are joining a Zoom meeting you will see a video preview pop-up that prompts you to determine whether you’d
  like to join the meeting your video enabled or disabled by default. Simple select the option to join into the meeting using
  the preference you’ve selected.
                                                                      ⁠

• Configuring your audio (video) within a Zoom meeting is easy. If you see the join audio icon in the bottom left hand corner
  of your Zoom meeting window toolbar simply select the icon and select join with computer audio.




                                                                          ⁠

• Participants controls in the lower left corner of the Zoom screen




                                                                              ⁠


                                       ⁠


                                                                                  ⁠

• Using the icons in the lower left corner of the Zoom screen, you can:

   ◦ Mute/Unmute your microphone (far left);
   ◦ Turn on/off camera (“Start/Stop Video”);
   ◦ Invite other participants;
    ◦ Change your screen name that is seen in the participants list and video window;
    ◦ Share your screen.

View Participants list – opens a pop-out screen that includes a “raise Hand” icon that you may use to raise a virtual hand;




                                                                          ⁠

• The raise hand feature allows you to inform that you have a question or show your participation in voting during the
  webinar.




                                                                      ⁠



Joining a breakout room


• You will receive an Invitation to join breakout rooms from the meeting host.




• Click “Join”.



• If you accidentally clicked “Later”, you can join by clicking the “Join Breakout Room” option in your meeting controls.




         ⁠
• Click “Join breakout room”.




                                ⁠
Home tasks
Learn how you could change the future with your unit teammates. Select the unit and make
one of the unit home tasks in Coda pages. 1-2 pages with some charts or screenshots are fine.
Look forward to a link to your home task to talent@latoken.com.

Select your Hometask
Get Stock Options
We overpay 10-1000x with stocks to principals. Be stakeholder of the future you are building.




                                                                                                  ⁠



   “if you are offered a seat on a rocket ship, get on—don’t ask what seat.”

   Eric Schmidt



We overpay to great performers with stocks
If you are a great fit and we do our job really well, you should earn 10-1000x of your any other next job market option.

We allocate 20% of company shares to the team. That is 200% of the industry average for Series B SAAS or Fintech companies
accordingly to Carta.
                                                                                                    ⁠

Source: Carta⁠


Why do we overpay with stocks?
As Andreessen puts it: “New companies generally should not exist. As existing companies have pretty happy clients, teams,
and resources. Startups should punch through status quo.” This means exceptional results of the team, unseen by well
established companies. Why startups can be better?

Startups’ smaller team size helps to make teammates performance transparent and startups can reward with greater stocks
upside. These are two powerful tools to solve the Principal-agent and Free rider problems.

   “Stock Options is a recommendation straight out of something called “agency theory”, that says that you have to align the
   interests of the people managing the firm with the interests of its shareholders.

   Otherwise, they will only do things that are in their own interest, and will be inactive, lazy, or plain deceitful... ” Freek
   Vermeulen @ Harvard Business Review 2009⁠

I would add that team “will only do things that are in their own interest, and will be inactive, lazy, or plain deceitful..” because
top performers or principals would be wiped out by agents. Stocks empower principals and discourage agents. Because
principal’s utility function value future impact for clients, while agent prefer short term benefit of comfort and lack of
responsibility.

Ask yourself, is your teammate value comfort and lack of responsibility today or her prefer to grow to benefit clients in the
future. Or in monetary terms, is her value monthly pay check or stock options? In other words, does her put clients first, ego
last?

   Agent will hire weaker people as is afraid of competitor for his position and salary. Principal will hire stronger candidate to
   maximize probability of the company to succeed which increase his stock payoff.


Decrease monthly pay-check to wipe out agents and overpay to principals with stocks


Still, some agents may both value equity and prefer Free rider strategy where others grow capitalization while her is blurring
her underperformance. Ambiguity of innovation undermines startup's performance transparency despite of smaller team size.
Startups create new professions which have no performance benchmarks or direct metrics to measure her performance. Is her
task really doable?

This mean an agent can mislead others with her actual results or find excuses why desirable results are impossible. If such
teammate earn the same stock options while making less investment with effort, then why would other teammates pursue a
different strategy? Effort now seems as a loosing strategy to Free riding strategy. Effort is not a Nash stable strategy anymore.

Furthermore, transparency will decline with acceleration when cooperation to cover each other give additional advantage.
Team will sneak to adequate performance killing startup’s advantage over legacy companies to seize market share. Stock value
is nothing now. Remaining principals quit.



Be the principal and force agents out
Agents cover each other when they know details of execution unknown to principals. They leverage asymmetry of information
to benefit themselves at expense of principals. That is the definition of an agent. Asymmetry of information is the root cause of
the principal-agent problem (part of contract and mechanism design theories - 5 Nobel Awards in economics: Arrow 1972,
Muskin 2006, Hart & Holmstrom 2016, Milgrom 2020)

If you react on weak performance, misleading statements, excuses - you are likely to be principal. Other principals are
interested to reward you with greater stock bonus if you will increase value of all stocks. Principals are interested to push
agents out and redistribute their unvested stocks between remaining or new-coming principals. At the same time founder
and investors can not get stocks of pushed out agents as team stock pool is fixed at 20%. So they have no other interest then
to maximize stocks value by optimizing team pool between principals. The team of principals have even stronger incentives to
push agents out as they get both stocks value growth and get more stocks (of pushed out agents).

Principals are the main LATOKEN asset. Principals are your main asset as you are a stakeholder of LATOKEN. Remove
asymmetries of information and agents. Do not tolerate lack of effort and adequate performance. Give brutal open feedback.
Grow as a Principal!

To sum up, we overpay to encourage those who:

 • challenge lack of transparency and performance or excuse seeking or fake work
 • hire and grow leaders who are stronger than herself

 • lead hackathons and grow over weekends

 • volunteer as a scrum master

 • show initiatives outside of your current scope, after you really done your job greatly


If you do the above and do not feel overpaid - tell to supervisor or ceo⁠


                                Loading…



   Factor in growth

   In startup land, the company you pick is more important than everything else: it’s more important than the role, it’s more
   important than your salary, and it’s more important than the projected value of your equity grant. Look at
   the guy who painted the walls on the original Facebook office. As Eric Schmidt told Sheryl Sandberg when she was
   considering joining Google, “if you are offered a seat on a rocket ship, get on—don’t ask what seat.”




Which of these statements are correct accordingly to the above text:
Idea                                                             Vote if correct

Lack of clarity of performance help principals to flourish         👍
 Free Rider does not highlight her high performance                    👍
Agent maximizes value for client                                       👍
Principals blur performance                                            👍
Principals cover each other                                            👍
Principals challenge teammates to make stories grandma clear           👍
Principals prefer to discuss persons they disagree with at their       👍
absence

Stocks options are less important than salary for principals           👍
Principals are brutally candid and open to give and receive feedback   👍
Agents help each other to look better                                  👍
Principals do not tolerate low standards                               👍
Target value of your stock option is within 10-10000x of your 5 year   👍
labour market salary

Performance should match reward                                        👍




        

 Loading
 free-rider-problem_suru2




https://www.indexventures.com/optionplan/#pre_funding_valuation=17000000&initial_amount_raised=2000000&expected_fun
ding_rounds_pre_exit=series-
b&estimated_exit_valuation=1000000000&employee_country=uk&option_allocation_level=2&mode=seed
Startups orientation
Startups are an evolution of hardworking culture




Jensen Huang, NVIDIA: “Torture you to greatness, as we believe in you”



                                                             Loading…




Marc Andreessen: “New companies generally should not exist... You need a special
character who is never give up, never quit.”

                                                             Loading…




Jack Ma: “We need to learn the hard working spirit of the Silicon Valley”

                                                          Loading…


McRaven: “..seeks to find those who can lead in an environment of constant stress, chaos,
failure and hardships.”

                                                             Loading…


Orientation

           Orientation
           Are you an "Alex" or "Ben"?




Comfort is suicide

           Comfort is Suicide
           Ben can not stop asking: Did you do all the
           best to evolve life?
Fire good ones for freedom
Only candid champions for freedom and
responsibility. Fire B or A quit.




Star Blast Pressure of Trading and
Bubbles
Traders manage the planet. Trading makes…




First week: star-blast pressure to filter
out mediocracy
Will they cover up mediocracy or challenge…




Stress is your friend
Fighting stress is like fighting a surgeon who
is removing a knife from your stomach.
#nakedmanagement
unabridged stories from our slack.
First week: star-blast pressure to filter out
mediocracy
Will they cover up mediocracy or challenge us to be better?

Trading industry after the bubble means a market full of conflicts, scandals, and pressure needed to give birth to the new era
of the internet of value. Thus comfort with pressure is a must.

Thus, instead of giving a few light weeks to adopt, we use the first weeks to test:

i) if a person can leverage pressure to grow and hit targets and

ii) if they tend to be an adequate performer, free-rider or top performer.

If you are a hiring manager instructing a newcomer, you might notice that some newcomers agree and confirm that they
understand everything you show. In fact, you may realise that they do not understand what you show to them.

Then you probably think: Is it an attempt to look better and to fake mental work? Or do they want to please you instead of
asking to be more clear?

Both patterns are red flags of upcoming fake work and attempt to make friends by covering their fake work.

Unlike Netflix, LATOKEN would not prefer to fire, we would give brutal feedback to see if person changes or tries to defend
himself with more fake statements and backtalk. (To prevent such defense we like Netflix fire for both backtalk and failure to
report backtalk.)

Top performers, unlike adequate performers, point on poor or fake work and challenge teammates to fix it. An adequate
performer would cover poor or fake work and expect them to be covered in return. They are the source of the Free Rider
problem. Average people would decrease their effort by 44% in a team of 7 compared to a team of 1 in the rope pulling
competition as Ringelmann and many other researchers confirmed. Professional sportsman would not decrease their effort
even when the team is growing and transparency declining.

Learn why you must hire champions and detect if a newcomer is a mediocre faker at his early days>          Report Free Riding




                Star Blast Pressure of Trading and
                Bubbles
                Traders manage the planet. Trading makes…




                Report Free Riding
                If one can benefit from fake work - all others
                will end up poorly. Report free riding …




                Fire good ones for freedom
                Only candid champions for freedom and
                responsibility. Fire B or A quit.
Star Blast Pressure of Trading and Bubbles
Traders manage the planet. Trading makes people stakeholders of the future. That is not easy
and painful for newbies traders. Thus there are unhappy traders and high load pressure. Are
you comfortable to leverage high load pressure for creativity?

Trading makes people stakeholders of the future. Traders and investors are the global brain predicting the future and
optimising resource allocation to maximize cash flows and stock prices growth. Stock prices change means change in
workforce allocation. Change in stocks prices impact product prices, labour prices, education prices and even dating market
“prices”. This price contagion or price transmission through markets optimize goals, values, feelings and actions of billions to
maximise humankind future output.

The reason why you read this text via large screen of mobile device is because of investors who envisioned you with this
device a decade ago.

New traders often start like gamblers and loose money to those who are trained to predict the future market share and cash
flows of traded companies.

Todays’ decisions of politicians, regulators and firms impact economy performance in some years. Some of the newbies start to
connect the dots: how todays news impact the value of stocks in their portfolio and wellbeing. They start to see the future now
and act as stakeholders to make it better. They are a better educated voters, so politicians have less chance to fool them.

55% of adult US population bought stocks in 2019 only. This number is between 0 to 5% in other countries and we have a lot of
work to educate and help people to become stakeholders of the humankind future.


All trading apps has less positive reviews comparing to banking apps
Trading app 2.1 avg vs Banking apps 4.2 avg Trustpilot




                                                                                  ⁠
It is not only about crypto, the largest trading app Robinhood has 1.8 Trustpilot review, while valued at 11.2 billion.


LATOKEN has a better outlook as we strive to make the best support service and product




                                      ⁠

Yet, most of scam mentions are to speedup customer support to push KYC forward or restore access to account frozen due to
suspicious activity (such as password brut force attacks). After the issue is resolved, a client would unlikely to remove negative
tweet or review.

Other categories of negative mentions by order of magnitude:

 • High fees for tier 3 tokens where 10-100x price jump resulted in corresponding fees growth before we figure this out and
   fix. Dormant accounts fees were also negative contributors, so we removed them.

 • Weak IEO results. As the largest primary market for digital assets in the world with 170+ IEOs since 2017 we make it easy for
   entrepreneurs to connect with investors. Do not take it wrong, we do not sell or make investment advise. That is not an
   exchange business - we must be neutral. Most of startups would fail to be attractive for investors. Anyway, some
   entrepreneurs expect to pay 2 BTC and get 20 BTC back. Why? Is it their competence or our sales managers solicitation?
   How would we control communications with prospects of a hundred sales ambassadors? We made IEO service free of
   charge in 2019 and such conflicts calmed down.

 • Blackmailing activity (pay me or I will spread negative reviews real or libels)



We have close to 1 million accounts and 474 “latoken scam” mentions in google. It does not mean that we have 474 legal cases.
Binance does not have 19 900 legal cases.

In crypto Scam often have a meaning of an adjective intended to attract attention to negative feelings like “fuck, it does not
work well”. In fiat world the word “scam” mentioned against a company often trigger criminal investigation against company or a
libel lawsuit against the claimant.




                                                              ⁠

In google search results “Binance scam” is mentioned 19 900 times vs 20 million “Binance” or 0.1% . “LATOKEN scam” is
mentioned 474 times vs 1 million “LATOKEN” or 0.047% negative mention ratio.
Crypto trading industry after the bubble means market full of conflicts, scandals and pressure needed to give a
birth to new era of internet of value.


Thousands of crypto startups failed. That is normal for VC market and comparable with dot com bubble. It took 15 years to
recover investments for average investor into tech companies index. Most of the companies which were in this index back to
2000 are bankrupt, few rule the planet today.




Blockchain outperforms internet. Crypto capitalisation recovered 50% of the bubble decline in 2 years comparing to dot com
bubble’s 12 years for corresponding recovery.

However, scale of people involved and lack of regulation facilitated greater number of scums, shareholders and teams’
conflicts, and blackmailing.

Blackmailing attacks are designed to impair clients or team relations are the norm here to force startups to pay to blackmailer.
We do not pay.

Would you invest in a person who would likely to flee at any moment due to negative news?


We prefer to check her “immunity” to conflicts and ability to leverage pressure and constructive conflicts for
growth, creativity and performance.


   In New Orlean (mid 19th), you would not find job or get a loan or marry without immunity to yellow fever. Companies were
   loath to train an employee who might succumb to an outbreak. Fathers were hesitant to marry their daughters to husbands
   who might die. You should get diseased with yellow fever (50% chance to die that time) in order to get the immunity needed
   to become a real citizen.
High load capital markets and bubble scandals enables us to leverage brutal feedback. The main goal of such feedback is to
ensure that adequate performers do not cover each other to protect their comfort status quo at expense of clients and top
performers.

They should either to grow into top performers who challenge each other to grow and perform, instead of covering each
others’ lack of competence and effort. Otherwise adequate performers should go to legacy companies where such behaviours
flourish.

If one violates our   The Principles: Olympics of Freedom and Responsibility to Build the Future we give an immediate public
feedback. If person leverage the feedback to change - he could become a great teammate. If her is trying to defend herself
with growing fake statements and backtalk (to prevent backtalk defence strategy we, like Netflix, fire for both backtalk and
failure to report backtalk) - we want to see it on her first week.


Thus comfort with pressure is a must. And we leverage it for
  First week: star-blast pressure to filter out mediocracy⁠



Learn more from one of the most detailed in the world Startup Culture Deck:



                Get Stock Options
                We overpay 10-1000x with stocks to
                principals. Be stakeholder of the future you…




                Why to join LATOKEN?
                Go global to grow with the frontier tech to
                change the world




                Fire good ones for freedom
                Only candid champions for freedom and
                responsibility. Fire B or A quit.




                Comfort is Suicide
                Ben can not stop asking: Did you do all the
                best to evolve life?




                Run Through The Death Valley
                Each calorie in a startup body is to test
                hypothesys toward product-market fit. Do …




                Be Defenceless to be Strong
                Crave pressure to level up, avoid defensive
                friction - diamonds are born in a star blast …
Capital Markets Manage the Planet
Emergence of Capital Markets is like the
emergence of a neural system …
Learn The Navy Seal Rules
Find the weak heart and eliminate from ever becoming a Navy Seal

"Make your Bed” every morning, find the weak heart and eliminate from ever becoming a Navy Seal, Get over
being a sugar cookie and keep moving forward



1. "Make your Bed” every morning

2. Find the weak heart and eliminate from ever becoming a Navy Seal⁠
3. Get over being the "Sugar Cookie" and keep moving forward


“Make your Bed” every morning
Today, we found that the Bed for operations is the accuracy of Platform ops interfaces. Like Bed for Navy Seals, it is seen by
most of the teammates each morning and sets attitude to their other tasks from a DB or a code architecture to communications
with clients. How they chose the structure, size, color of fonts, blocks, shortcuts are small vector that gravitates us constantly.

Know what is your “Bed”

Which small daily task sets the day for all of us? Is it Stories, Standups, your OKR report?

Find the weak heart and eliminate from ever becoming a Navy Seal.

Today, I interviewed another cancer, which was proud to tell that he is working only 15% of his day for Yandex which he joined 6
months ago. He was proud to tell that the Sovok deserves to be cheated and teammates are ok to have him as a bar lower.


Find the weak heart and eliminate from ever becoming a Navy Seal


   Basic SEAL training is six months of long torturous runs in the soft sand, midnight swims in the cold water off San Diego,
   obstacles courses, unending calisthenics, days without sleep and always being cold, wet and miserable.

   It is six months of being constantly harassed by professionally trained warriors who seek to find the weak of mind and body
   and eliminate them from ever becoming a Navy SEAL.

   But, the training also seeks to find those students who can lead in an environment of constant stress, chaos, failure and
   hardships [of new markets].

Startup teammates are navy seals defeating entropy on undiscovered territory to build the future. If you want to change the
world..


                             Loading…

#nakedmanagement⁠



Get over being a sugar cookie and keep moving forward
   “For failing the uniform inspection, the student had to run, fully clothed into the surf zone and then, wet from head to toe,
   roll around on the beach until every part of your body was covered with sand. The effect was known as a “sugar cookie.”
   You stayed in that uniform the rest of the day — cold, wet and sandy.
   There were many a student who just couldn’t accept the fact that all their effort was in vain. That no matter how hard they
   tried to get the uniform right — it was unappreciated. Those students didn’t make it through training.

   Those students didn’t understand the purpose of the drill. You were never going to succeed. You were never going to have a
   perfect uniform. Sometimes no matter how well you prepare or how well you perform, you still end up as a sugar cookie. It’s
   just the way life is sometimes. If you want to change the world, get over being a sugar cookie and keep moving forward.”

Implication for LATOKEN: be ready to endure negative feedback from the market, blackmailers and enviers. If we have trained
our IEO team they might have endure launch of tokenized interest in SpaceX. Thus we would be way more advanced in IEO
product.


                            Loading…
Navy Seals Selection
Find the weak heart and eliminate from ever becoming a Navy Seal

Lead in an environment of constant stress, chaos, failure and hardships
“Basic SEAL training is six months of long torturous runs in the soft sand, midnight swims in the cold water off San Diego,
obstacles courses, unending calisthenics, days without sleep and always being cold, wet and miserable.

It is six months of being constantly harassed by professionally trained warriors who seek to find the weak of mind and body
and eliminate them from ever becoming a Navy SEAL.

But, the training also seeks to find those students who can lead in an environment of constant stress, chaos, failure and
hardships.”




                             Loading…



   “Startups evolve from Pirates to Navy” - Reid Hoffman, founder of LinkedIn and Greylock Fund ($10b+).




Navy Seals Rules
1. "Make your Bed” every morning
2. Find the weak heart and eliminate from ever becoming a Navy Seal⁠
3. Get over being the "Sugar Cookie" and keep moving forward


“Make your Bed” every morning
Today, we found that the Bed for operations is the accuracy of Platform ops interfaces. Like Bed for Navy Seals, it is seen by
most of the teammates each morning and sets attitude to their other tasks from a DB or a code architecture to communications
with clients. How they chose the structure, size, color of fonts, blocks, shortcuts are small vector that gravitates us constantly.

Know what is your “Bed”

Which small daily task sets the day for all of us? Is it Stories, Standups, your OKR report?


Find the weak heart and eliminate from ever becoming a Navy Seal.
Today, I interviewed another cancer, which was proud to tell that he is working only 15% of his day for Yandex which he joined 6
months ago. He was proud to tell that the Sovok deserves to be cheated and teammates are ok to have him as a bar lower.
Stress is your friend
Fighting stress is like fighting a surgeon who is removing a knife from your stomach.

Death chance is 43% higher for those who fight with stress. Those who leverage stress to create the biology of courage to
solve problems are the most healthiest.


                                                    Loading…                                         ⁠




               Comfort is Suicide
               Ben can not stop asking: Did you do all the
               best to evolve life?
Focus on The Critical Hit
Get it really done or die

   Tom King, a former star boxer, found himself yearning for a steak. He had spent his earnings from past victories generously,
   choosing to travel instead of training. In his last fight, he performed well but failed to deliver a critical hit for the win. As a
   result, he was now so impoverished that local merchants wouldn't even loan him enough money for a steak.

   The next day, he was to fight against a rising star, Sandel. All he could afford to eat was bread and gravy, and he had to
   send his wife and children to bed without food.

   King lost the fight. He was convinced that if he had been able to eat a steak before the fight, the outcome would have been
   different. Having already taken out credit on the loser's share of the purse, he left the fight penniless and in despair. King
   wept during his two-mile walk home, unable to afford a cab ride. He knew he would never win again.



   "A Piece of Steak" by Jack London, 1909



Consider a jaguar that chases an antelope several times but fails to catch it. The jaguar may run out of energy for the next
chase. Each subsequent chase with less energy means a lower probability of success and a lower chance of replenishing its
energy. The jaguar is in its death valley, where death is imminent. The jaguar will die of hunger.




San Francisco is full of homeless entrepreneurs - Jaguars who went into the Death valley.⁠

Mobilise effort to make a critical hit to break the wall or all of your work will be in vain, leading to burnout.
If multiple random light shots can't break a heavy wall, then you've just wasted energy, and you'll die, taking your teammates
down with you. Breaking a wall means delivering a change in business with sustainable value that exceeds the costs used and
ideally surpasses alternative costs.

You must have a laser-focused vision to hit the weak spot with a single, well-powered shot.

You have one or a few shots to take aim. If the shot is too light, we won't be able to determine if the aim was correct.

If you break the wall, you get recharged. If you don't hit and if you're a normal person, your brain will command you to conserve
energy with each miss. Consequently, you'll be less likely to make a sufficient effort to make a hit with each subsequent shot.
This is the Death Valley.

That's why we seek exceptional people determined to succeed. They never give up, never quit because they learned to make
critical hits back in their childhood.

What did they learn in childhood that forged their character to break walls that stop others?

They learned to be conscious and responsible for their actions. They learned how to use each miss to correct their aim, double
their effort, and ensure the target will be hit, unlike those who prefer to make excuses. Unlike excuse seekers, strong
characters can endure failure while doing everything to hit with a single shot at all costs.

They focus with clear WHO needs WHAT for WHY stories and prohibit others from blurring tasks with vague, poorly structured
definitions.

Focus for crit hit, be determined to succeed, never give up, never quit.




                                                          Loading…                                                              ⁠




“The Death Valley”
#nakedmanagement

"The Death Valley" is a self-perpetuating decline in the probability of achieving a product-market fit. This decline is due to a
decrease in the effort to make critical hits as the team wastes energy and sees a lack of traction. The self-enforcing process
begins with a lack of vision for the end result. A team that doesn't see where it's going, won't get anywhere. A lack of progress
means a lower probability of getting a return on effort. Thus, there's less incentive to make the extra effort to start developing a
vision for the end result.

Creating a vision for the end result requires extra effort:

 • The effort to visualize it: Write a WHO/WHAT/WHY Story, Vision novel, Problems/Solutions, To Do, draw a mind map (avoid
   seduction to write just few bullet points, always write Stories at least to build a habit)

 • The painful responsibility of acknowledging the result (Recognizing that sometimes what you do is useless, regardless of
   the effort put in).

If I don't see where I'm going, then I'm not responsible. I'm just doing something someone told me to do or what I feel like doing
at the moment, regardless of whether it's needed for the clients or not.

Instinctively, I want recognition, higher titles, a better salary, and more influence, while wanting less responsibility and effort.
So, I aim for a higher risk-adjusted ROI on my effort. If I don't measure the result for clients and don't take responsibility for that,
then the value for clients is not in my ROI formula. Naturally, I expend energy only on variables in my ROI formula: recognition,
titles, salary, influence. There are no client metrics here. And I feel demotivated if I don't get recognition, etc., for consulting
teammates and jumping around, I feel the tensions of normal and median people. This is the lack of commitment and
accountability well described in “Five dysfunctions of teams“.

Connect your brain's ROI formula with the client metrics, or abandon the ambition to build a product and remain a median
person.




Done 2
Learnings                                                   Done 2       Upvoters

I will Raise the Bar to avoid the Death Valley                 👍     9




I will focus energy to hit the target outlined in              👍     9
Priorities Ranking




                  The Shocking Rules
                  Culture is not what we feel in our hearts.
                  Culture is not a set of principles. Culture is …




                  The Principles: Olympics of Freedom
                  and Responsibility to Build the Future
                  Once agreed on the Principles - we agreed…
Fire good ones for freedom
Only candid champions for freedom and responsibility. Fire B or A quit.

Based on “No Rules Rule of Netflix” shortlisted by Financial Times & McKinsey as a business book of 2020


                                                                                                      ​Star blast pressure
To avoid bankruptcy in 2001 Reed Hastings tried to sell Netflix to the old video rental market leader - Blockbuster. He got
rejection. He was desperate: how would Netflix compete with the old giants if there is no investors around for his experiments
after dot com bubble. Generally, new companies should not exist. Why not Blockbuster build a new product and up-sell it to its
user base at negligible client acquisition costs?


                                                                                              The
                                                                                              ​   step to Dense Talent
He had to fire 1/3 of their team. They fired nice guys with adequate performance, pessimistic super performers, less motivated,
over motivated hard-workers with poor judgement.

   “Morale in the office was low, and it was about to get lower. We had to lay off a third of our workforce,” Hastings says. “We
   didn’t have any obviously poor performers. So we divided the staff into two piles: the 80 highest performers who we would
   keep, and 40 less amazing ones”

Fired people were pissed off and slammed doors. Reed expected a backslash from remaining people angry for firing their
friends and insecure about their future.

Suddenly, performance soared. He and his teammates started to love to come to work


Netflix realised that “For top performers, a great workplace isn’t about a lavish office, a beautiful gym, or free
sushi. It’s about people who can help you be better. When every member is excellent, performance spirals
upward as employees learn from and motivate one another.” (link)⁠
Netflix made their first step to build the culture which made 200+m clients happy, $250+ billion value and Blockbuster
bankrupt.
                                 ​




                                 ⁠                                                                 ⁠


                                                                          ​Adequate performers and free riders kill
Blockbuster passed away like many others due to the same reason: Normal performers and free riders. Normal teams tolerate
those who perform on par with team average or below. And it kills them.

   One weak teammate diminish team performance by 30-40% found professor Will Felps. He compared performance for
   teams of college students — where a “bad apple teammate” actor was added to behave like a slacker, a jerk, or a pessimist.

Normal performance is infectious and magnify the       Report Free Riding which kills organisations. Adequate performers prefer
to cover each other rather than to challenge each other to overachieve. To control and maintain performance of medium people
and free riders, organizations build complex rules and bureaucracy at expense of creativity and agility. Vicious circle.


                                                Fire
                                                ​    average people and foster candor to enable creativity
Netflix’s managed to get out of this vicious circle. Their massive lay off of the average and below staff created the talent
density. Reed found that talent density coupled with candid feedback solve the adequate performers and free rider problems.
So less bureaucracy needed to control these two categories. Now company can afford Freedom for creativity guided by
responsibility for mission and goals.

                                     ​




                                     ⁠                                                         ⁠
                                        ⁠




                                          ⁠                                         ⁠

It was a scandal “do you treat average people like garbage you want to trash out to other companies”?

Other would argue, why would you put such harsh wording. Normal people should work in the companies of the past. That is
normal and deserve respect. Fire with respect.

There were some scandals naming Steve Jobs as a jerk. He was cruel to embarrass employees and fired publicly for doubting
that a task is doable. There were younger wartime companies cultures (outlined by Ben Horowitz 5 years later), and Zappos
with their sweet family HR PR campaign.

Reed’s slides became shocking documentation of a real tech culture unexpected from a relatively large creative company.


                                                                                ​Psychological safety is for the past
Harvard professors prayed for psychological safety as a must for creativity. The academic consensus was: Netflix culture can
not exist in large organisations (the reason why tech companies and definitely startups avoid hiring MBAs).

Since then Netflix capitalisation grown 100x, Nasdaq 9x (tech), Dow Jones (traditional industries) 2.5x.




                                                                                               ⁠
   10 years after that scandal, Gary Pisano admitted at Harvard Business Review:

   “Innovative cultures are generally depicted as pretty fun. When I asked the same managers to describe such cultures, they
   readily provided a list of characteristics identical to those extolled by management books: tolerance for failure, willingness
   to experiment, psychological safety, highly collaborative, and nonhierarchical.

   The easy-to-like behaviours that get so much attention are only one side of the coin. They must be counterbalanced by
   some tougher and frankly less fun behaviors. A tolerance for failure requires an intolerance for incompetence. A
   willingness to experiment requires rigorous discipline. Psychological safety requires comfort with brutal candor.
   Collaboration must be balanced with individual accountability. And flatness requires strong leadership. Innovative cultures
   are paradoxical. Unless the tensions created by this paradox are carefully managed, attempts to create an innovative
   culture will fail.”




                                                                                               ⁠




In 2009 the new cultural era was born. The goal of life “happiness” turned into goal of life “meaningfulness”. Which mean you
must go out of comfort to grow and shift frontiers to create value. Otherwise you can not work in fast evolving tech companies.
The companies which rule the planet today or tomorrow. These scandals and cultural change nurtured a scalable labour force
able to build SpaceX.


                                                                                           Freedom and Responsibility
                                                                               ​Freedom sucks without Talent density and Candor

In 1994 Reed Hastings found his sales manager billing his previous company with $3000+ ($700 in 1990x) for one hotel night.
Instead of demonstrative firing he introduced rules to approve travel and accommodation. He made many other rules such as
you need an approval if you come to office with a pet.

Today Netflix does not have any travel and vacation policy. No Rules Rule.


Reed warns: “Once you have build talent density, you can safely address candor. Only then can you safely began
remove policies that control your staff.”
If you do not have talent density - addressing candor is risky. If you do not have Talent Density and Candor - Freedom will fail.
Adequate performers with free riders will lower the bar and force top performers to quit. Adequate performers would help each
other to protect their comfort and call jerks those who raise the bar. A players attract A players to grow. B attract C players to
feel comfort as look adequate comparing to C. Fire B players or B will push A out in order to defend their comfort. Keep only top
performers and establish candor to enable freedom and creativity.


                                                              ​Build the Culture of Freedom and Responsibility:
Step 1. Build Talent Density: Great work place is Stunning Colleagues. Top performers should hire top performers challenging
each other to overachieve and fire adequate performers who prefer to cover each others mediocracy. When achieved - build
candor.

Step 2. Build Candor: Say what you really think, especially negative feedback, - with positive intent. No backtalk. Fire for
backtalk or for failure to report backtalk.

Only if you have 1+2 move to:

Step 3. Reduce Controls and Bureaucracies: Growth of top performers should exceed growth of complexity. Top performers
should be disciplined and have freedom to be creatively focused on clear goals and strategy.




                                          ⁠                                   ⁠




                                                            ⁠



Do you plan to be a top performer or an adequate performer?
It is easy to check. How did you spend this weekend: Did you read a top book in your profession, implemented a no code tool or
had a small talk with adequate friends?


Commitment to spread the responsible visionary achiever culture
Learnings

I will read top books from top CEOs and never kill time with mediocracy

I will read/listen the book No Rules Rules of Netflix shortlisted by
Financial Times /McKinsey as a business book of 2020

I will hire top performers and fire adequate performers

I will be brutally candid and collaborative to boost team performance

I will protect interests of clients and LATOKEN to build freedom for
creativity

I will ensure strategy and goals are clear to enable freedom for creativity
to hit targets
                                    Loading…                   ⁠




Related reading:


               Constructive Сonflict
               If you disagree - tell directly.




               Be Defenceless to be Strong
               Crave pressure to level up, avoid defensive
               friction - diamonds are born in a star blast …
Report Free Riding
If one can benefit from fake work - all others will end up poorly. Report free riding immediately
to make such strategy punished.

These guys above seem to do their best.

Mr. Ringelmann would doubt it. He would estimate their performance is at least 44% below their potential as there are at least 7
participants on the picture. I would add that they are likely to exaggerate expression of effort comparing to their facial
expression when they pull the rope alone. Welcome to the Free Rider problem a part the Principal-Agent Problem or Agency
Theory (btw it is big contributor Paul Milgrom won Nobel Prize 2020).




                                                                                                     ⁠

Ringelmann (1913) found that having group members work together on a task (e.g., pulling a rope) actually results in
significantly less effort than when individual members are acting alone. Ringelmann discovered that as more and more people
are added to a group, the group often becomes increasingly inefficient, ultimately violating the notion that group effort and
team participation reliably leads to increased effort on behalf of the members.

Subsequent research has aided the further development of the Ringelmann effect theory. Most notably, Ingham, Levinger,
Graves, and Peckham (1974) discovered that group members continue to exhibit reductions in rope-pulling force even after
being placed in pseudo-groups (i.e., groups composed of confederates and one, true participant). In their study, Ingham et al.
(1974) directed confederates to pretend to pull on a rope by faking exertion, suggesting to the real participant that all members
were working together. What proves of interest here is that because there was virtually no coordination between the
participant and the confederates (they were not physically taking part in the actions), poor communication cannot account for
the decrease in effort.[11] Therefore, Ingham et al. (1974) support the assertion that motivational losses largely determine an
individual’s decline in performance when acting as a member of a group.

In addition, research has shown that participants who have previous experience in a team sport may not show the Ringelmann
effect.

The reason why teammates put less effort is because they can free ride each other if nobody can measure their effort (here is
an asymmetry of information) and punish for cheating. Hard workers are in disadvantage as they would lose the most energy,
while the prize would be spliced equally independently of effort. Thus hardwork is not a beneficial and desirable strategy (eg. it
is not Nash stable as someone can pursue a different strategy with a larger benifit).

Furthermore free riders tend to cooperate to cover each other and protect their status quo by lowering the bar for transparency
and performance.

The star-blast pressure of market competition force teams to give a birth to cultures which penalise free riding. In fact
companies compete by how they are successful to solve the free rider problem. Culture is how this problem is solved.

The most powerful invention here is the transparency and accountability for the result well encoded in our
  The Principles: Olympics of Freedom and Responsibility to Build the Future .

If you see someone tweak her OKRs to look better - make it transparent

If you see someone pretend to work - make it transparent

If you see someone cover her mistakes or negligence - make it transparent

If you see someone seek excuses - make it transparent

Make free riding transparent by speaking up or asking questions at morning sync or unit/ceomessage slack. Get this shit out of
our culture and embrace those who do not tolerate free riders.
Remember:


New companies generally should not exist
New companies could exist only because they invent a better culture a better solution to the free rider problem to punch
through status quo.


                                Loading…



Related story:



                 Get Shit Done or Raise The Bar Rule
                 Find solution, no room for excuses
Run Through The Death Valley
Each calorie in a startup body is to test hypothesys toward product-market fit. Do not waste it
on freeriders.

My interest in startups was sparked when I discovered that Stanford alumnus Maxim Faldin had launched Wikimart, Russia's
equivalent to Amazon. In 2010, I was captivated by his blog, where he envisioned how tech entrepreneurs could shape the
future. However, a decade later, I learned that Maxim had declared personal bankruptcy, with a debt of approximately $3
million, while Wikimart had lost around $83 million in investments.

It's important to note that only about one in 10,000 startups make it to an IPO. Statistically, it's far more likely that you'll hear
about my bankruptcy than news of my team and I building a unicorn. However, we believe we are outliers due to our culture of
hitting sequential targets towards a significant mission. This is why you're reading this piece on our wartime culture deck, one
of the most detailed in the world.




                             ⁠



Don't misunderstand me. Changing the world is a challenging endeavor, and some people are born to attempt it. They
understand that     Comfort is Suicide. . Maxim, despite his setbacks, changed the world by paving the way for people like you
and me with his efforts. He could still leverage his experience to make a significant impact next time.

So, where are the other startups that don't make it to IPO? They're in the "Death Valley."

   The "Death Valley" is a self-reinforcing decline in the probability of achieving product-market-timing fit. This decline is due
   to a decrease in effort to make critical hits as the team wastes energy and sees a lack of traction.

   If a jaguar chases an antelope several times and fails to catch it, she may run out of energy for the next chase. Each
   subsequent chase with less energy means a lower probability of success to recharge energy. At some point, the jaguar
   enters her death valley, where death is imminent. The jaguar will die from hunger.
   San Francisco is full of homeless entrepreneurs - jaguars who ventured into the Death Valley.

   This self-reinforcing process begins with a lack of vision of the result, leading to inaccurate performance evaluation,
   declining performance standards, and the emergence of free riders.

Free riders will reinforce the blurring of the vision and results to benefit from the principal-agent problem (agents increase the
asymmetry of information to cheat principals). If a coalition of agents is stronger than principals, a turnaround is impossible.


                                                                          ​Agents avoid performance transparency.
Vision of the result means extra costs which agents prefer to avoid:

 • The effort to make the result clear (would you write a Who/What Why Story if you can do less effort by writing a few
   bullets?)

 • The painful responsibility for the result (recognizing that what you do is useless).

Agents feel resistance to do extra effort for clarity as it means responsibility. If I do not see where to go, then I am not
responsible. I am just doing something somebody said and also doing what I want to do at the moment, whether it is needed
for clients or not.

What do agents want? Higher salary and titles, recognition, and influence to protect the above for less responsibility and effort.

Agents optimize the Return On Investment of their effort to maximize output as measured by their above utility function
unlinked from clients and company.

Principals have different variables in their utility function: Principals grow the number of successful clients and stock options
value.

And they invest full responsibility and effort to achieve such goals of life. They put clients first, ego last.

The agent will feel demotivated if they receive candid feedback about the lack of transparency of their impact on clients'
success. Transparency and impact on clients are not in their utility function. They need recognition and promotion. Their effort
is about team destructive self-educating, covering other teammates, and lowering standards to consolidate the political
support base of other agents.


                                                                ​The line is crossed if the fake effort is rewarded.
The line to the valley was already crossed when one of the sportsmen who faked his effort to row in one season is with the
team in the next season. This is likely to mean that teammates did not report a free rider as they decided to cheat and cover
each other in the next season. Thus, the coach will be less likely to detect and punish this pattern. Cheating will become a
Nash stable strategy as it gives an immediate advantage over a full effort strategy.

Professional sportsmen do not fake effort in the Ringelmann rope polling experiment, because the coach knows each game if
they are losing and get rid of free riders fast.

If the team and coach have a blurred vision of the result and cannot measure performance - all of their work is likely to be
cheating from the very beginning. Even if they believed that they were hardworking, they were hard working to learn politics.
                                                              ⁠

Is Maxim desperate here to get rid of agents collected on scaling before building the principals’ culture?


Checklist your survival machine. A startup is a survival machine designed to spot innovation to punch through competition with
legacy companies.

Is the computational power of your machine growing or declining? Is it capable of overcoming a stock bubble burst or a civil
war or a pandemic? Is it producing diamonds out of star blast pressure or dust?

Here is a checklist of the Death Valley risk:

1. Are there verifiable deliveries in Monthly and Weekly commitments?
    a. Can any of the product teammates tell which hypothesis they test this sprint?

    b. Which number will prove or disapprove the hypothesis?
    c. Why was this hypothesis prioritized over dozens of other hypotheses?

    d. How does her task help to verify the hypothesis?

2. Is the performance of teammates real-time transparent and they are accountable?
    a. Can most of your team tell last week's performance numbers of most of the other units?

    b. Can most of your teammates name their personal key performance numbers change over last week?
    c. Do those who leave the company have the worst performing numbers, and those who perform stay?

    d. Do your teammates question teammates with weak numbers or enjoy declining standards?
3. Do teammates challenge each other to perform?
    a. If a person tells vague or misleading information, is he immediately questioned by teammates?

    b. Do you hear negative feedback in public and conflicts between colleagues (or is there backstabbing)?
    c. Do teammates stop and report backstabbing (or tacitly collude against supervisors and the entire team)?
    d. Do teammates accept feedback (or prefer to defend themselves with excuses)?
    e. Can most of the teammates tell the founders the estimated value of their stock options?

     f. Is there a competition between champions in their profession to get on the last seat in the rocket?

Are you confident to check mark all of the above while you have a lack of exponential word of mouth growth?


Pass the quiz:

https://quizgecko.com/quiz/the-rise-and-fall-of-wikimart-NGZ5GO
Then learn from upcoming star blast pressure or die in the valley.


 Add a Topic ⁠


 Show authors
 Show and sort by vote count

Which of these statements are correct:
Idea                                                                  Notes & Replies   Vote if correct

Only 1 out of 10 000 startups grow to IPO                             ​                   👍   0

Death Valley is a self enforcing decline in probability to make       ​                   👍   0
critical hits

This self enforcing process starts mostly from spending too much      ​                   👍   0
time to make targets clear

Lack of vision of the result means lack of clarity what is            ​                   👍   1
performance

Lack of clarity of performance help principals to flourish            ​                   👍   0

 Free Rider does not highlight her high performance                   ​                   👍   0

Agent maximizes value for client                                      ​                   👍   0

Critical hit is improbable if aim is blurred                          ​                   👍   1

Principals blur performance                                           ​                   👍   0

Principals challenge teammates to make stories grandma clear          ​                   👍   0

Agents are eager to know which product hypothesis do they test        ​                   👍   0
with their tasks

Principal maximizes her salary and value of CV while undermining      ​                   👍   0
stocks options value

Stocks options are less important than salary for principals          ​                   👍   0

Principals are brutally candid and open to give feedback              ​                   👍   1

Teammates should not embarrass each others with questions on          ​                   👍   0
their performance

You know how your tasks help to verify product hypothesys             ​                   👍   1

You prefer growth of stock options value to salary                    ​                   👍   1

Those who leave LATOKEN have the worst performing numbers,            ​                   👍   0
and those who perform stay

Target value of your stock option is 10-1000x of your 5 year labour   ​                   👍   1
market salary

Performance should match reward                                       ​                   👍   0

Diamonds are born in star blast pressure                              ​                   👍   1
​                                                    ​   👍   0




    Focus on The Critical Hit
    Get it really done or die




    Report Free Riding
    If one can benefit from fake work - all others
    will end up poorly. Report free riding …
Be Defenceless to be Strong
Crave pressure to level up, avoid defensive friction - diamonds are born in a star blast pressure

If you are in a political corporation - your authority is everything. If you are in Dagestan - your authority is everything. Political
power is everything where markets fail. If you do not defend yourself there - you will be wiped out fast. Your power decide who
you are. Put power ego first, clients last.

If you are in a startup - your authority is nothing. Traction is everything.

The pace to make critical hits is everything. Pace to hit product-market-timing fit is everything.

Startups are spearheading star blast pressure of competitive markets. Early adopters decide who you are. Put clients first, ego
last.

Embrace the hard reality - you must be 10x better, than 10x better, 10x, 10x.. no limits. Never defend yourself, ego or comfort.
Seek direct feedback and get out of comfort to grow.




                                                       ⁠                                                      ⁠

If one calls this women a slut would she care? Why she is smiling? Whatever people say or masturbate on her, she does not
care as her rights will not be violated. Is she strong because she does not afraid to be vulnerable?

She could be raped or stoned in some countries because she “provoked” the “powerful ancient instinct”.

Is Dagestan weak because everybody are to defend themselves there?
                Loading…




                                       ⁠




Comfort is Suicide
Ben can not stop asking: Did you do all the
best to evolve life?




Wartime Principles
In wartime, a company is fending off an
imminent existential threat.
Comfort is Suicide
Ben can not stop asking: Did you do all the best to evolve life?

I still treasure the memories of our village kids gang mates.

One early morning, we tossed stones at Serge's window to wake him up for a fishing trip. Serge, who lived in the block next to
mine, was six years my senior. I can still picture his face and hands, the ones that taught me how to hook a fish. We both ended
up falling into the water, but we were proud to show off our trophy fish to the gang and my grandmother. Serge cared for me
like an older brother, even though we weren't related. After that, I never saw him again.

22 years later, Serge shoot himself in the head with his grandfather’s gun, staring out of the same window we used to throw
stones at to wake him up for fishing.

What could he have possibly seen in that window that drove him to such despair at the age of 35?

Serge was a brilliant individual, having graduated with summa cum laude honors from a top math faculty at MSU. He moved to
the U.S. to teach maths at Boston University. At 25, he returned home for a holiday and stayed at his countryside home, or
'dacha'. He was supposed to fly back to the U.S. in a few weeks, but he never boarded that flight. Instead, he chose to stay
with his girlfriend, enjoying the comfort of his dacha and the peaceful songs of century-old pine trees.

I believe that after seven years, Serge began to yearn for his career. He was a born champion, destined to change the world,
but he realized he had lost his chance to do so. He didn't lose it in a competition, but in the comfort of his dacha. His champion
spirit, encoded in trillions of brain connections, couldn't find an answer to the question, "Did you do your best to change the
world?"

I've seen this scenario play out many times. Some people didn't have a gun, so they turned to vodka and drugs. You reach 35,
look back at your life, and see the wrong answers to the question. Who you are is defined by what you do to answer Ben's
question.

Ben saw Alex in the window.


Over that summer holiday, Serge's Ben retreated to Alex. But Ben can't die. Ben has survived and evolved over billions of years
to create humankind. Each generation, Ben gives birth to a better Ben under the star blast pressure of market competition. If
the next Ben is born, all Alexes make way for a better life. All past Bens are Alexes destined to fade with a window glimpse.

The program for the next Ben's birth is in everyone, as we are all past Bens. However, it only self-activates in a fraction of the
population. This program is the question, "Did you do your best to try to change the world?" Once activated, it can't be
forgotten.

If you're reading this, it means the question was asked. The program to spearhead evolution was activated. We are the Ben
giving birth to the next Ben.
You can't suppress your nature, and there's no reason to. You can't kill your Ben and live as an Alex. Ben has survived billions of
years to create us. Ben is life in the universe. He can't stop asking, "Did you do your best to try to change the world?"

If Ben stops, life in the universe is dead.

Step out of your comfort zone and focus on making a critical impact      Focus on The Critical Hit⁠




Yesterday, I recalled that fishing day with my brother Vadim. For over a decade I have missed this dacha for 10 years or so.


                 Win your inner war of the Past and the
                 Future to save life in the universe
                 Past defeats the Future when you feel …
Constructive Сonflict
If you disagree - tell directly.

 12:30 PM⁠

Constructive conflict for Committed decisions, Accountability and Results. Today’s Pitching team dispute if we should put
investors manually both in Airtable and Strapi resulted in a decision to remove Airtable as a burden. While parsed data should
be uploaded to Strapi directly. A CRM will be implemented in the future and be connected with Strapi (or other platform
solution). The conflict resulted in the decision which teammates want to commit to. That is a classic example of productive
conflict from top management book Five Dysfunctions of a Team. Fear of such conflicts results in mediocre decisions, Lack of
Commitment, Lack of Accountability and Results.

PS. Beware that the book is criticised for lack of robust data:

“For example, when the trust level among team members is low, Lencioni recommends that leaders put them through a series
of personal disclosures. However, there is little likelihood that these activities can build trust in dysfunctional work teams.
According to Katzenbach and Smith, the only effective method for teams to build trust and cohesion is to do real work,[6]⁠

   Performance is key to creating teams. A company with “high performance standards” is likelier to create high-performance
   teams than a company that simply teaches teamwork…. Teams function best when they can depend on their leaders to set
   clear standards and create dependable, supportive processes.

   Jon R. Katzenbach, McKinsey 1993⁠

That is why we demand performance and conflicts to build trust rather than worshiping on fake team work and polite rituals.
#nakedmanagement⁠

Put the principles from paper to the muscles.
Learnings
Trust means people make problems transparent          👍   2   
                                                              ​

Trust means people make problems transparent          👍   2   
                                                              ​

Trust means people make problems transparent          👍   2   
                                                              ​

Trust is a result of high performance standards and   👍   2   
                                                              ​
dependable supportive processes

Constructive conflict is needed to figure out the     👍   2   
                                                              ​
decision and goals team will commit to achieve

Constructive conflict is needed to figure out the     👍   2   
                                                              ​
decision and goals team will commit to achieve

If team does not commit, there will be avoidance of   👍   4   
                                                              ​
accountability and transparency

If team does not commit, there will be avoidance of   👍   4   
                                                              ​
accountability and transparency
The Shocking Rules
Culture is not what we feel in our hearts.
Culture is not a set of principles. Culture is …




The Principles: Olympics of Freedom
and Responsibility to Build the Future
Once agreed on the Principles - we agreed…
The Shame of Ambition on Feet of Clay Culture
I was shocked by Dmitry's question yesterday…

.. and, instead of answering, started to mumble something else (the pattern I publicly penalise - we should answer questions
we were asked).The question was “Can I join Liberta discussions”.

My answer was something “We tested LA airdrop and get hundreds of thousands registrations.”Later I was thinking, why I
violated the rule to answer what was asked? Such mistake costed me position to lead utilities equity research of EMEA region
at Goldman Sachs 13 years ago in London. I become just a 2nd candidate to this role after final interview. I realised that I felt 2
shocks when heard Dmitry:

1. A developer was interested to look outside of the code to learn about use case and clients. Just a day before I was asked
   publicly “why a developer should be distracted from coding with Sprint meetup?”

The Dmitry’s question was a shocking contrast to some the shitty patterns of our current culture:

 • “I am not in charge of clients and results, so it is someone fails, not me. I solve hard problems to grow skills and cv value to
   resell it in a year.”

 • “I do not use product I build. I do not want to see these failures.”

 • “Making my results and responsibility transparent with OKRs is a waste of time. We should sabotage with poorly defined
   metrics”.

 • “I am not in charge of hiring and growing teammates. I want lower the bar to feel comfort and have no successors who can
   replace me. So I can bargain comfort zone and CEO can not force me to use the product I build, make my results
   transparent, be accountable for results/critical hits, develop team and raise successors or read books.”

 • “I do not read condensed experience from top leaders in my profession. I prefer to feel smart myself, bargain and protect
   status quo.”

 • “I will prove that a task is undoable, and will help others to prove that their tasks are not doable, so we can help each other
   to protect comfort zone. That is how I find friends quickly.” Take a shitty example from today’s breakfast: “I done my
   research: We cant get a response from top tokens for co-marketing”



2. Second shock is that I feel ashamed to talk about Liberta while having the culture outlined above. So I started to mumble
something to prove that I am not crazy with the Liberta project. I said “We tested LA airdrop and get hundreds of thousands
registrations.”

Can we win the war of programs for computer memory, when we have failed programs in brains memory? If one can avoid
responsibility by faking a proof that task is undoable. If her lie is covered by those who also want to lower the bar and bargain
comfort zone. That are shitty programs doomed to fail longterm. However are strong, due to immediate benefits to the
mediocre people. Do not tolerate lowering the bar and mediocre performance.The only reason why I am here is to put financial
life at fingertips with the project like Liberta. To help people to use money to bring their ideas into life and be stakeholders of
the future they build with their ideas.

 • Libra, TON, digital yuan and dollar made a billion people craving a stable currency unpegged from central banks. We can
   make it happen: available everywhere, and stable with a decentralised monetary policy targeting inflation. LIBERTA
   countdown c.60 Days.

 • Objective: Liberta people with stable unpegged currency at fingertips for every corner of internet.
 • Key Result: 1 m daily active users, spreading the greatest currency and products to fingertips.
 • Future value of the currency could be used to pay early adopters to make this future happen.
Impediments to overcome:

 • FIAT DEPOSIT attempt should grow to 50% from 1%. So we hook L airdroppers with actual daily use case. We have 800
   attempts per day with 8 successes. @arkon @dk⁠

 • VIRALITY of B2B airdrops should hit >1. And Liberta page with Davos board well prepared @Alexander Kotin⁠
 • LACHAIN. Liberta should be transferrable in LACHAIN so people have trust to spur virality, we get nodes and blockchain
   users. @Dmitry Ivashchenko⁠

 • SCALABILITY. We should test and prepare product for 10 000 realtime active users with 10k orders sent to order book in a
   second. @ds⁠

 • CULTURE of accountability for result. Get rid of blurred mediocracy polishing her cv and comfort, embrace those who dare
   to have a vision and responsibility for that.

So, Dmitry I finally the answer to your question is: Yes, you can discuss over Growth standups and/or please set up the Liberta
Task-Forces_suS-N#_luv9- with Alexander for weekly catch ups to assault impediments.Heavy checkmark if you have read it;)

Set up reminder to read it later on evening.
Get Shit Done or Raise The Bar Rule
Find solution, no room for excuses

The Get Shit Done sign on the Revolut office wall illuminate the reason why Revolut went so far from 0 to c.$9 billion valuation.

If one proves to others that a task is undoable, her has less responsibility and more friends cooperating to avoid effort and
replicate this shit pattern. So others have to get this shit done.

Excuse seekers prove to others why they do not need to do an extra effort and get out of comfort to make a critical hit. So they
have spare time and energy to protect their status quo agains other teammates those who are focusing to get things done.
Thus teammates have not only to get things done but also have shit done produced by excuse seekers. Shit is a habit to avoid
responsibility and collude to do so against other teammates.

Do you keep silence when someone is tweaking facts, inventing or selecting data to prove that a task is undoable?

Get rid of this shit. React immediately, do not a silent part of such shit. Raise the Bar.

Leverage      The Principles: Olympics of Freedom and Responsibility to Build the Future



   Instinctively I do want recognition, higher titles, salary, influence and want less responsibility and effort. So I have higher risk
   adjusted ROI on my effort. If I do not measure the result for clients and do not take responsibility for that then the value for
   clients is not in my ROI formula. Of course I use energy only on variables in my ROI formula: recognition, titles, salary,
   influence.. No client metrics here. And I feel demotivated if I do not get recognition etc for consulting teammates and
   jumping around, I feel tensions of normal and median people. That is the lack of commitment and accountability well
   described in theFive dysfunctions of teams.       Constructive Сonflict




Learnings Get shit done
I will immediately and publicly punish one who is         👍   6
tweaking facts, inventing or selecting data to prove
that a task is undoable

I will not tolerate lack of effort and performance of a   👍   6
teammate
Win your inner war of the Past and the Future to
save life in the universe
Past defeats the Future when you feel comfort. Comfort means Alex defeats Ben. Comfort is
death of a hero once capable to transform planets. Surround yourself with people getting you
out of comfort and making you growing.

If you colonize another planet - you just double the surface. If you have spread blockchain, it is like you colonised 10 planets.
Because you magnified all people’s power by 10x as blockchain transfers value where political power fails.


                             Loading…

Today @Ayman Sayed showed us his weekend hackathon delivery - the message from president and billionaires to those who
really change the planet. The message to empower the hero in our teammates. Each day, everybody has a tough inner battle
between 2 characters. One is the glimpse of the future - visionary achiever Ben and another is the sofa army of past - comfort
seeking mediocracy Alex.

Ben makes Critical hits while getting done shit produced by Alex.

Ben raises the bar and attracts into team those who is stronger than himself to expand the glimpse of the future.

Alex raises shit - fake work, and friends helping to raise awareness that tasks are undoable and thus Alexes are not
accountable.

Alex attracts even weaker Alexes to spread their shit together and protect their comfort zone instead of making extra efforts.

Alex wants team to get weaker to bargain his comfort and avoid being replaced by a Ben. While Alex waits Ben to create value
to free ride some of it.

Alex tries to prove that Ben does not have the glimpse of the future, no future, no vision of it. Alex want to preserve his comfort
past and blur the glimpse of the future.

Alex wants to avoid being replaced by a Ben. He does not want future to replace past.

Ben - you know from the president and billionaires that our market is the next internet of value, built on top of internet of
information.

Ben - you know that we learned how to spread the technology and our app. This means we
are not crazy to dream to change planet while been Alexes. This means part of our team has evolved into Ben and grow in
power to really change the planet.

Ben: defeat your Alex now. You have little time to be a part of the opportunity. Become Ben to be one of us to change the
planet and force Alexes to copy us and evolve.

It is not easy. Alexes around you tie you to be one of them with their social gravity of rituals and norms helping them to kill time
till death in comfort zone.

You should defeat Alexes in yourself and Alexes around so they are forced to evolve into your Ben. That is the force of natural
and economic selection. That is how the best part of you evolve through generation and live forever to spread life through
entropy.

Comfort means Alex defeat Ben. It means Past defeat the Future.

Life and evolution is under threat. Surround yourself with people getting you out of comfort and making you growing. Get
out of comfort NOW.
Orientation
Are you an "Alex" or "Ben"?
Economic Selection
Change now or you are wiped out tomorrow

In 2008 capitalisation of Russia was c.$20 trln, capitalisation of the US was c.$300 trln.

Since then SPX gained c.150%, RTS lost 50%.




How many Russias have Russia lost to the US since 2008?




Startups are about a rare mutation in culture which will replace existing cultures.|


                Be Defenceless to be Strong
                Crave pressure to level up, avoid defensive
                friction - diamonds are born in a star blast …
Punish Agents to Reward Principals
Principals build stunning colleagues empowering your growth to build great things, successful
clients and your stock option growing to real millions USD.

We started the day from a case of the PRINCIPAL behaviour.

Yaroslav showed how he put his new landing design into web for AB testing overnight at Sat hackathon. He made it overnight
and saved 50 days of 5 people interacting to put his design into Jira, sprint, qa, prod.


That is 100-2500x performance of medium people.                  ⁠

PRINCIPAL maximises stocks value with 100-2500x performance. AGENT is a theft of your stock option. Here is how.

XXX - the project manager responsible for processes automation does not follow scrum stories rules and seems to be unaware
how to write them.

Maybe our Story page is unclear?

Wait, he had not checkmarked that he read this page.

Hm, a person responsible to automate onboarding ignore onboarding into operations processes.The Stories is a cornerstone of
the Scrum as the Who needs Why for What format ensure transparency what teammates do and, most of all increase chance
that they understand what they do. Without a clear story, teammates can not understand what other teammates are doing and
train the habit to waste time, pretend to understand. Standards are getting lower. They are turning into dumb zombies with
each sprint time.

Agents are very happy to have things blurred and dumb people to hide their fake work.

Our single advantage over big companies with army of clients, professionals and money is a greater opportunity to solve the
principal-agent problem.

As a principal, you must make agency behaviour punished before it became Nash stable strategy in your unit, and habit
wired into your brain. That is how you win the award - stunning colleagues empowering your growth to build great things,
successful clients and your stock option growing to real millions USD.

Small theft by saving own time and effort at expense of big damage to the culture and teammates future should not be
tolerated.

Olga transfer XXX unvested stock options to those who checkmarked the rules.

PS. Principal-agent problem is a cornerstone to understand team performance. It is a part of contract and mechanism design
theories - 5 Nobel Awards in economics: Arrow 1972, Muskin 2006, Hart & Holmstrom 2016, Milgrom 2020. Learn now.⁠


                Report Free Riding
                If one can benefit from fake work - all others
                will end up poorly. Report free riding …




                Fire good ones for freedom
                Only candid champions for freedom and
                responsibility. Fire B or A quit.
First week: star-blast pressure to filter
out mediocracy
Will they cover up mediocracy or challenge…
Long Hour Rule
   “Let’s work less and smarter to be productive.”

One developer said and went home early.

The real reason was not his fatigue after coding complex things. The real reason was his freelance project. Each evening he
resold what he learned from teammates and earned 2x more than teammates. His mediocre performance was not a big
problem itself. The problem was the conflict of interests.

Some colleagues felt friction with the team goals and pointed to our principles. So he needed to protect his lucrative status quo
and started a tacit war against the principles. He started backtalk to solicit others to violate Code of Ethics and the Principles.
He said the Principles are slavery, and the company do not follow them. Now, his work become to explain others why loyal
teammates and company are immoral and deserves to be cheated.

Those who wanted more comfort quickly become his friends to avoid responsibility and hard work. Here is a team maximizing
their benefits and minimizing efforts and risks to be fired. They had 2 lives - one was to show to others about hard problems
they struggle to solve which none can understand with blurred stories. And another life was messing code and gossips against
loyal to the company colleagues. They had strong incentives to sabotage interviews and newcomers to ensure they are
irreplaceable.

They were proud of their ability to take advantage over the company. They felt like: Now, the company is the slave and we are
the rules.

So we have the Long hour rule and we fire for failure to report on a conflict of interests or backtalk/gossips.


THE LONG HOURS RULE
We work long hours and often over weekends. Why one would work short hours?

 • ether is not committed to change the world with a product or
 • have a side project and conflict of interest



Here is how Long hour rule detect the conflict early at the onboarding process:
Learnings 2
I am aware that side projects can be a reason to          👍
                                                          105
attack the company


                                                                Show 85 more

I will report any discussion or solicitation to work on   👍
                                                          104
side projects


                                                                Show 84 more

I will immediately report any potential conflict of       👍
                                                          104
interest


                                                                Show 84 more
Scrum Rules
Demo or Die. Standups are assaults on impediments, targeting critical hits modeled by Stories
and Snippets that connect projects into the backlog: Projects Model the Future.

Русская версия:  Правила Скрама



LATOKEN Scrum Rules

Standups are assaults on impediments, targeting critical hits modeled by Stories and Snippets that connect projects into the
Model of the Backlog. Standups and grooming must recheck and reinforce these rules to ensure projects reinforce each other
and critical tasks execute the modeled vision.




1. Grooming to Model
Structure: Projects and tasks must be      MECE Pyramid grouped. Add new tasks to relevant parent projects to ensure the
integrity of the backlog model and clarity of the context to the doer.

Snippets: Detail projects and tasks to show how they connect into a self-reinforcing model.

Ownership: Everyone must grow to own a significant project which makes a big sense as they see how it reinforce the entire
model (vision).




2. Task/Project Definitions
→ verifiable naming rechecked by the story and detailed by vision.

Verifiable Naming: Task name must make it clear how to verify if task is done or not. Examples: “Show Score in Profile” –
Verifiable as it is easy to check if the score is shown or not. “Seamless hiring process automation” – Not verifiable as judgement
on the adjective “seamless” is vague and subgective.

Task NAME = WHAT in the Story format Who needs WHAT for Why.

Vision: Larger projects must outline the user journey step-by-step in a novel style.

ToDos: Break tasks into 1–2 hour superconcrete actionable subtasks.
Supportive Materials: Attach screenshots, links, and resources to ensure clarity.




3. Tasks must           Focus on The Critical Hit
Tasks must laserfocus sufficient effort to solve micro-problems unlocking significant business value. Modelling the tasks into
the backlog model is essential to figure out which task enables many other projects to release a decent value.




4. Execution: Demo or Die




Monthly/Weekly: Add tasks from the backlog to your Monthly or Weekly and deliver to prod ready for demo. Demo in prod or
Die means you leave no room for excuses; instead, you must get out of comfort to figure out how to create value.

Reports: Include key metrics linking your tasks to business value. Highlight blockers.



Daily Standups: Assault on blockers

Share Screen: All participants must share screens with yesterday and today tasks added to a Standup project, so it is clear
how many hours spend on each task in work and what is the progress.

Report:

1. What did I do yesterday?

2. What do I plan to do today?

3. What are the blockers?

CheckFix Reports: Post before standups to prioritize critical issues.
If the task is unclear or breaches the rules - request to improve loudly! Silence is a tacit collusion to undermine the rules - even
worse than the mistake itself.




6. Cultural Reinforcements


Make Accountable: Mistakes or bugs must be fixed ASAP by the person who created the bug - demand it!

Punish Excuse-seeking: Point on any attempts to self-excuse (eg. “I do not show a demo as someone did not pull my code to
prod”, your reaction: “So you choose to seek excuse, instead of chasing to pull to prod or escalating to team-wide breakfast.”).

Hiding mistakes is crime: Its starts from "spinning" - hiding information, rapidly growing to habit to spread fakes to mislead
entire team into beliefs paralyzing any progress.

No Task Jumping: Insist to get a task done before taking another. Jumping is frequently used to avoid an effort and
accountability needed for actual delivery, while creating a sense of lots of (fake)work done.

Test as a user: Get to prod and try, emphathize to clients and help him to achieve success without friction.

Onboard intensively to these rules: Resist the temptation to weaponize newcomers to weaken the rules. Be exceptionally
demanding from day one.




There will be pressures to break these rules to serve individual interests, but discipline is essential to keep everyone aligned
and transparent. Without this, freeriding and excuse-seeking will prevail, eroding our culture to the point where our children
might be better off growing up in a disciplined Chinese orphanage to learn a winning culture. Make the uncomfortable
strategy to step out of your comfort zone, take full responsibility, grow, and deliver results the winning one!




               МУТНЫЕ ЗАДАЧИ = УВОЛЬНЯЕМ




—

Jeff Sutherland, author of Scrum:



“Planning for Vision and visibility of your progress is everything; plans are worthless.”


                                        Loading…
Yes, he needed to see how his friend was shot by a missile to figure out the Scrum Rules and avoid his fate. Imminent threat to
existence is the most innovative force.
МУТНЫЕ ЗАДАЧИ = УВОЛЬНЯЕМ

Иван уволен, так как Петя систематически не выполняет свои обязанности по контролю соблюдения правил
структурирования задач Ивана и новичков-подчиненных. Как следствие Иван запутывается и не справляется с
задачами, помощь ему увязает в попытках распутать его формулировки.
Вместо выполнения своих обязанностей Петя молчаливо одобряет нарушения, что затрудняет их исправление, создает
неприемлемо высокие издержки на найм и онбординг новичков. Возникает вопрос: зачем нам тогда найм и хакатоны?
Чтобы использовать новичков для торпедирования культуры прозрачности задач?

Основные нарушения правил:

1. Название задачи должно быть проверяемым: из названия должно быть понятно, выполнена задача или нет.
Примеры:
• Проверяемое: Score to Profile – можно проверить, появился ли скор в профиле.
• Непроверяемое: Seamless hiring process automation – слово “Seamless” является субъективной оценкой, не
поддающейся объективной проверке.
2. Название задачи = WHATиз User Story формата Who needs WHAT for Why.
3. Видение задачи должно описываться как пошаговый путь пользователя (для крупных проектов).
4. Отсутствие прогрумленного “Father” беклога и родительского проекта у задачи.
Это мешает новичкам понять контекст задачи, из-за чего они совершают ошибки, забывают задачи и не становятся
овнерами значимых проектов. В результате — низкая мотивация и превращение команды в деградирующую “раковую
опухоль“.

5. Задачи проекта должны соответствовать его сниппету.
Из названия проекта должно быть понятно, какие задачи в нем находятся, а задачи должны перепроверять разумность
и целостность проекта.

6. Задача должна быть критическим попаданием: это должно быть снайперское решение микро-проблемы
минимальными усилиями, которое разблокирует значительную бизнес-ценность.

Пример нарушения:

На скриншоте видно, как Петя молчаливо одобряет нарушение Иваном всех шести правил.

а) Цепочка нарушений начинается с Несоответствия сниппета задачам проекта:
Сниппет “Onboarding: Test to GF AI. Score to Profile.” предполагает выполнение двух задач: Test to GF AI и Score to Profile.
Вместо добавления задачи Score to Profile, Петя позволяет включить Seamless hiring process automation, что уже
нарушает правило 5.
б) Это, в свою очередь, провоцирует нарушение остальных правил:
• Вместо фокуса на критическом попадании (правило 6), указанного СЕО, Иван дефокусируется на бессмысленно
сформулированном несогласованном проекте.
• Нарушение правила 1 (непроверяемое название задачи) запускает цепную реакцию остальных нарушений.

Последствия:

Команда на завтраке опять не смогла понять задачи Ивана (например Саша не смог) и оказалась в ситуации, где
необходимо было выбирать:

1. Продолжать делегировать контроль задач новичков на СЕО, что делает стендапы бессмысленными, так как лиды
больше не отвечают за контроль задач.
2. Прекратить найм, чтобы минимизировать издержки от подобных нарушений.
3. Изменить статус-кво и побудить лидов контролировать задачи новичков.

Решение:
Мой выбор 3 = увольнение Ивана, которое становится орудием для торга с Петей о том, кто должен контролировать
задачи новичков.

Петя может заплатить штраф в размере $500, чтобы отменить это решение. Однако этот штраф будет повторен при
любом следующем нарушении пунктов 1-6 со стороны Ивана, незамеченным и не исправленным Петей.
Правила Скрама
Ежедневные стендапы – это атаки на препятствия, нацеленные на критические задачи, смоделированные через Stories
и Snippets, которые соединяют проекты в Модель Бэклога. Стендапы и груминг должны пересматривать и укреплять
эти правила, чтобы гарантировать, что проекты усиливают друг друга, а критические задачи выполняют
смоделированное видение.




1. Груминг проектов это моделирование будущего

• Структура: Проекты и задачи должны быть сгруппированы по принципу   MECE Pyramid. Новые задачи добавляются
в соответствующие родительские проекты, чтобы сохранить целостность модели бэклога и обеспечить ясность
контекста для исполнителя.

• Снипеты: Раскрывайте детали проектов и задач, чтобы показать, как они соединяются в самоукрепляющуюся
модель.

• Владение: Каждый должен стремиться взять на себя значимый проект, который имеет большой смысл, и видеть, как
он усиливает всю модель (видение).




2. Определение Задач/Проектов
→ Проверяемое название, проверенное через Сторю и детализированное через Видение.

• Проверяемое именование: Название задачи должно ясно показывать, как проверить, выполнена задача или нет.

• Пример: «Показать счет в профиле» – Проверяемо, так как легко проверить, отображается ли счет.

• Пример: «Бесшовная автоматизация процесса найма» – Непроверяемо, так как оценка слова «бесшовная»
субъективна и расплывчата.

• Название задачи = ЧТО в формате истории Who needs WHAT for Why.

• Видение: Пошаговый путь пользователя в оригинальном стиле (для проектов > 12 часов).

• ToDos: Разбейте задачи на конкретные подзадачи, выполнимые за 1–2 часа.

• Сопроводительные материалы: Присоединяйте скриншоты, ссылки и ресурсы для обеспечения ясности.
3. Задачи должны фокусироваться на критическом попадании




Задачи должны быть направлены на решение микро-проблем с достаточными усилиями, чтобы разблокировать
значительную бизнес-ценность. Моделирование задач в структуре бэклога необходимо, чтобы определить, какая
задача позволяет разблокировать множество других проектов и обеспечить значительный результат.




Исполнение: Demo or Die




Ежемесячно/Еженедельно: Добавляйте задачи из бэклога в ежемесячные или еженедельные планы и доводите их до
готовности к демонстрации в продакшене. Demo in prod or Die означает отсутствие оправданий; вместо этого вы
должны выйти из зоны комфорта и найти способ создать ценность.



Отчеты: Включайте ключевые метрики, связывающие ваши задачи с бизнес-ценностью. Выделяйте блокеры.




Ежедневные стендапы: Атака на блокеры


Демонстрация экрана: Все участники должны делиться экранами с добавленными задачами за вчерашний и
сегодняшний день в проект стендапа. Это должно показывать, сколько времени потрачено на каждую задачу и каков
прогресс.

Отчет:
1. Что я сделал вчера?

2. Что я планирую сделать сегодня?

3. Какие блокеры?

CheckFix Reports: Публикуйте перед стендапами, чтобы расставить приоритеты для критических проблем.



Если задача неясна или нарушает правила — запросите улучшение громко! Молчание — это молчаливый сговор,
подрывающий правила, что даже хуже самой ошибки.




Культурные усиления


Привлечение к ответственности: Ошибки или баги должны быть исправлены как можно быстрее тем, кто их создал —
требуйте этого!

Наказание за оправдания: Указывайте на любые попытки самооправдания (например, «Я не показываю демо, потому
что кто-то не перенес мой код в продакшен», ваш ответ: «Значит, ты решил искать оправдания вместо того, чтобы
добиться переноса в продакшен или поднять вопрос на командном завтраке»).

Сокрытие ошибок — это преступление: Это начинается с “перевирания” фактов и быстро перерастает в привычку
распространять ложь, вводя команду в заблуждение и парализуя прогресс.

Никаких прыжков между задачами: Добейтесь завершения задачи, прежде чем брать другую. Прыжки между
задачами часто используются, чтобы избежать усилий и ответственности за реальную реализацию, создавая иллюзию
большого объема (фиктивной) работ

Тестируйте как пользователь: Протестируйте задачу в продакшене, поставьте себя на место клиента и помогите ему
достичь успеха без трений.

Интенсивное внедрение этих правил: Сопротивляйтесь искушению ослабить правила для новичков. Будьте крайне
требовательны с первого дня.




Будут существовать давления, чтобы нарушить эти правила в угоду личным интересам, но дисциплина необходима для
сохранения прозрачности и выравнивания команды. Без этого свободное поведение и оправдания будут доминировать,
разрушая нашу культуру до такой степени, что нашим детям будет лучше вырасти в дисциплинированном китайском
приюте, чтобы освоить культуру победителей. Сделайте стратегию выхода из зоны комфорта, принятия полной
ответственности, роста и достижения результатов выигрышной!


6. Культурные Усиления



Привлечение к ответственности: Ошибки или баги должны быть исправлены как можно быстрее тем, кто их создал —
требуйте этого!

Наказание за оправдания: Указывайте на любые попытки самооправдания (например: «Я не показываю демо, потому
что кто-то не перенес мой код в продакшен». Ваш ответ: «То есть, ты предпочел искать оправдания, вместо того чтобы
добиться переноса в продакшен или поднять вопрос на командном завтраке?»).
Сокрытие ошибок — это преступление: Это начинается с “перекручивания” информации и быстро превращается в
привычку распространять ложь, вводя команду в заблуждение и парализуя прогресс.

Никаких прыжков между задачами: Настаивайте на завершении одной задачи, прежде чем брать другую. Прыжки
между задачами часто используются для избегания усилий и ответственности, необходимых для реальной реализации,
создавая лишь иллюзию большого объема (фиктивной) работы.

Тестируйте как пользователь: Доведите задачу до продакшена и протестируйте её. Поставьте себя на место клиента и
помогите ему достичь успеха без лишних сложностей.

Интенсивное внедрение этих правил: Сопротивляйтесь искушению использовать новичков как оружие чтобы
разрушить эти правила. Будьте максимально требовательны с первого дня.




Будут существовать давления, чтобы нарушить эти правила в угоду личным интересам, но дисциплина необходима для
того, чтобы команда оставалась согласованной и прозрачной. Без этого доминировать будут свободное поведение и
оправдания, разрушая нашу культуру до такой степени, что нашим детям будет лучше вырасти в дисциплинированном
китайском приюте, чтобы освоить культуру победителей. Сделайте стратегию выхода из зоны комфорта, принятия
полной ответственности, роста и достижения результатов выигрышной!




             МУТНЫЕ ЗАДАЧИ = УВОЛЬНЯЕМ




—

Джефф Сазерленд, автор Scrum:




“Планирование для видения и видимости вашего прогресса — это всё; планы бесполезны.”




                                                   Loading…




Да, ему нужно было увидеть, как его друга сбил ракетный удар, чтобы понять правила Scrum и избежать подобной
судьбы. Угроза существованию — самая инновационная сила.
Scrum Rules
20 min read

Scrum master leverages ClickUp stories (Jira), Coda OKRs, stand-ups, sprints to help the team see the road to
the mission, overcome impediments and move faster.
The master never wastes the team's time to educate it. They help from the first minute with the Scrum method.


Meet Jeff Sutherland, the author of Scrum:

“Planning for Vision and visibility of your progress is everything, plans are worthless”


                                         Loading…

Yes, he needed to see how his friend was shot by a missile to figure out scrum and avoid his fate. Imminent threat to existence
is the most innovative force.

Btw thanks to this force we figured out how to make this page.

Learn now, before you get shot to educate others.



Scrum Master’s Rules
   Scrum Masters plant the culture as Hiring Managers

Be a visionary achiever and lead us with Unit Mission, OKRs, Stories, Stand-ups, Sprints and Retro or Grooming.




Run Check-In/Stand Ups
1. Start and finish on time (15 min).
2. Everybody should tell:

    a. What have I done yesterday?
    b. What do I plan to do today?
    c. What are impediments to overcome?



Ensure stand-up is an assault on impediments, not a formal, vague fuck off.

 • Ask to share screen and show ClickUp tasks in the Results ClickUp table to ensure that tasks are aligned with the OKRs.
 • Check if tasks are prioritised according to Backlog priorities.



   Note: If it’s unclear what a teammate does - ask him!

If you see someone is not getting things done - tell it and ask to read and comply with the Principles or speak up at the
breakfast or to supervisor and via 360 form.



Facilitate Sprints and Friday Retro or Grooming
1. Stories are Who needs What for Why. That makes tasks crystal clear.
2. Start on time. If zoom is busy with another team, ask them to move out.

3. Demo or Die Rule. Ask to show Demo: teammates must show a valuable outcome from sprint.
4. Ask teammates to report whether tasks are done or not. Fill in the completion number.
5. Ensure Sprint stories are prioritised according to the Backlog ranking.
6. Launch a new Sprint with a doable pile of well prioritised stories. Sprint completion below 80% is a fail.
7. Ensure mistakes or bugs are fixed ASAP by a person who created the bug.
8. Prevent attempts to shift responsibility or hide mistakes or cover each other instead of challenging yourself to grow.


Keep Coda Backlog priorities, OKRs and Click up updated
1. Ensure Backlog priorities are crystal clear, up to date and aligned with OKRs.
   a. Description contains a Story Who/What/Why.
   b. Screenshots with samples are attached.

   c. Every teammate voted/followed up to 4 features.
2. Ensure Click up stories are:

   a. Aligned and prioritized to hit priority features from Backlog Ranking priorities.
   b. Aimed at Key Results.

   c. Doable within sprint with a demo, and clear to a grandma: [Who] needs [What] because [Why].
3. Eliminate waste:

   a. Fuck poor priorities.
   b. Inventory of 99% finished and not working for business features - that is a crime.


Grow team (advanced)
1. Be hiring manager and raise the bar with every hire, remove those who lower the bar.
2. Ensure each newcomer has a buddy, is well onboarded with company wide quizzes, unit Manuals and tasks tests.

3. Run Saturday Hackathon.

4. The Principles and shocking rules must work.

5. Make weekly zoom with clients.
6. Evaluate 360 feedback and Do 1-1s.
7. Encourage CAN DO attitude, taking responsibility and reveal own mistakes. Acknowledge your mistakes.

8. Ensure your successor is appointed and trained, announce him on Friday (if applicable).
The Code of Ethics
LATOKEN Code of Business Conduct and Ethics


The LATOKEN Code of Ethics and the Principles embody the firm’s commitment to benefit the society by adopting the
decentralised technology to make investments, trading, payments and money management as a whole available worldwide at a
fraction of costs. Access to investments makes people global stakeholders learning how the world works and empowers them
to influence the future. Access to money makes people freer to choose how to grow by buying products and services.

Our mission is to put financial life at fingertips.

So people can use money to bring ideas into life and become stakeholders of a better future.


Why do we need the Code
The Code sets the basic and powerful rules such as prevention of conflicts of interests. The Code is the fundament for more
sophisticated principles and the culture needed for exceptional performance to achieve the core mission. The Code empowers
the team to make the right choices and to overcome hurdles and “impossible” things and ensures they are done with joy and
courage. This firm’s commitment implies a combination of vision coupled with hard work and ethics leading to extreme
performance needed to make a structural change in the way people fundraise, invest and manage money.

The capital market manages the planetary resources and mankind's future. The structural changes here mean intensive
conflicts between those who benefit from the change and those who lose. It is the matter of our viability to build the team
which is capable of overcoming such conflicts, to structure the support base, and to minimize costs for those who lose (Uber
transformed taxi business and had scandals and scrutiny across the world..). Furthermore, we shall be prepared for hurdles
coming from the regional political risks, devastated local capital market expertise and the short-sighted rent-seeking cultural
patterns dominating the local labour market.

Additional layers of cultural complexity come from the infant stage of the decentralised industry lacking regulations and
practices needed to evolve to meet modern ethical standards and regulation. We acknowledge that some of the industry
business practices can not be avoided by the industry players as such avoidance significantly impairs their market position. In
this way, collective behavioural change is required and could be achieved with the help of regulation. We are committed to
develop the industry rules and practices and call for regulation where necessary. We are committed to meet the highest ethical
standards and be in compliance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations.

The Code applies to all of our teammates.


Reporting Issues under the Code
It is critical that you strive to identify and escalate potential issues before they lead to problems. When in doubt, you should ask
questions about the potential application of this Code to your supervisor or senior management and the CEO.

Should you become aware of any existing or potential violation of this Code, promptly notify senior management or the CEO
of the firm.



Violations of the Code
We take this Code and your obligations under it very seriously and will take any disciplinary or preventive action deemed
appropriate to address existing or potential violations of the Code, up to and including termination of contract, stock
bonuses/options or legal actions. Violations of the Code may also constitute violations of law, which may result in criminal or
civil penalties for you and the firm.
Put interests of the firm and its clients ahead of personal interests
Put interests of the firm and clients ahead of personal goals - that is a fundamental cooperation basis to build trust, stellar
performance and great product, and, as a result, sustainable growth of your character and career. We do not tolerate short-
sighted sighted strategies designed to look better or avoid responsibility or to protect the comfortable status quo at the
expense of the company performance and clients. You must detect and prevent behavioral patterns such as: faking work and
results, hiding mistakes or weaknesses to look better, defending yourself to avoid responsibility and effort, sabotaging those
who come to fix something which you failed to do, involving others into negative back talk against peers, supervisor or the firm.

Your leadership role is to inspire teammates and to align them with our common goal, with our mission. You do it by showing
your commitment, hardworking and goal-oriented spirit. You set the bar and raise it constantly for yourself and teammates. The
dedication of our teammates to the firm and clients, the intense effort they do is greater than one finds in most other
organizations.



Prevent talking behind one’s back, impose constructive problem solving
You must immediately stop negative back talking when you witness such behavior and request to invite the named colleague to
participate in the discussion. An exemption is the discussion involving a supervisor of the person. Discussions of colleagues’
mistakes and their personalities in their absence allows a person to take an unfair advantage over such colleagues and get
short term benefits while causing extensive damage to the morale and career of teammates and performance of the firm. The
same applies to any propagation of negative information or talk against the company in the absence of the CEO.


Personal Conflicts of Interest
A personal conflict of interest occurs when your private interest improperly interferes with the interests of the firm. Actions or
relationships that create personal conflicts of interest are prohibited, unless approved by the firm in written form. It is important
that you carefully consider whether any of your activities or relationships, including volunteer positions outside the firm, could
cause a conflict (or the appearance of a conflict) with the interests of the firm. Even if an activity seems unrelated to your role
at the firm, you may be required to obtain pre-approval before engaging in it. Additionally, personal gain and advantage must
never take precedence over your obligations to the firm. You must never use or attempt to use your position at the firm to
obtain any improper personal benefit for yourself, family member(s) or any other individual or group. If you are aware of a
transaction or relationship that could give rise to a conflict of interest or perceived conflict of interest, you should discuss the
matter promptly with the CEO. When in doubt, raise the question for appropriate consideration.



Business Opportunities
You are prohibited from taking for yourself (or directing to any other person) a business opportunity that is discovered through
the use of corporate property, information or position at the firm, unless the firm explicitly in written form approves such use of
the opportunity. More generally, you are prohibited from using corporate property, information or position for personal gain or
competing with the firm. The prudent course of action is to obtain pre-approval from the CEO for any use of firm property or
services that is not solely for the benefit of the firm.


Non Solicitation
Any solicitation to work outside of the firm mission must be prevented and reported. Such solicitations include discussions of
job market opportunities, personal startup ideas, introductions to head hunters or any person for a hiring reason.


Compliance with Laws, Rules and Regulations
You must comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations, including those related to insider trading, financial reporting,
money laundering, fraud, bribery and corruption.
Generally, if you are aware of material nonpublic information relating to the firm, any of our clients or any other private or
governmental issuer of securities, you cannot buy or sell any securities of those issuers or recommend that another person
buy, sell or hold the securities of those issuers. Questions regarding the purchase or sale of any firm securities or any securities
of issuers that you are familiar with by virtue of your role at LATOKEN should be directed to an appropriate ethics contact prior
to any purchase or sale.


Protecting Confidential Information
In the course of business, our people often have access to confidential or proprietary information about the firm, our clients,
prospective clients or other third parties. Our business and reputation depend on the commitment of each of you to protect this
information. You must maintain the confidentiality of the information with which you are entrusted, including complying with
information barrier procedures applicable to your business. The only exception is when disclosure is authorized or legally
mandated. Confidential or proprietary information includes, among other things, any non-public information concerning the firm
(including its businesses, financial performance, results or prospects) and any non-public information provided by a third party
with the expectation that the information will be kept confidential and used solely for the business purpose for which it was
conveyed.



Equal Employment Opportunities and Commitment to Diversity
Concern for the personal dignity of each individual is an indispensable element of the standards we set for ourselves at
LATOKEN. We focus our personnel decisions on merit and contribution to the firm’s success. The firm affords equal
employment opportunities to all qualified persons without regard to any impermissible criteria or circumstances. We do not
tolerate any type of discrimination prohibited by law, including harassment. We value diversity as an important asset that
enhances our culture, helps us serve clients well and maximizes return for shareholders. For us to excel, we must create for our
people an inclusive environment that welcomes and supports differences and encourages input from all perspectives.


Protecting and Properly Using Firm Assets
You should protect the firm’s assets and ensure their efficient use. All firm assets should be used for legitimate business
purposes only.


Business Principles
We stress creativity and imagination in everything we do. While recognizing that the old way may still be the best way, we
constantly strive to find a better solution to the client’s problems. We pride ourselves on pioneered many of the practices and
techniques that will become standard in the industry. We make an unusual effort to identify and recruit the very best person for
every job. In a service business, we know that without the best people, we cannot be the best firm. We offer our people the
opportunity to move ahead more rapidly than is possible at most other places. Advancement depends on merit and we have
yet to find the limits to the responsibility our best people are able to assume. For us to be successful, our men and women must
reflect the diversity of the communities and cultures in which we operate. That means we must attract, retain and motivate
people from many backgrounds and perspectives. Being diverse is not optional; it is what we must be.

We stress teamwork in everything we do. While individual creativity is always encouraged, we have found that team effort often
produces the best results. We have no room for those who put their personal interests ahead of the interests of the firm and
its clients. The dedication of our people to the firm and the intense effort they give to their jobs are greater than one finds in
most other organizations. We think that this is an important part of our success. We consider our size an asset that we try hard
to preserve. We want to be big enough to undertake the largest project that any of our clients could contemplate, yet small
enough to maintain the loyalty, the intimacy and the esprit de corps that we all treasure and that contribute greatly to our
success. We constantly strive to anticipate the rapidly changing needs of our clients and to develop new services to meet
those needs. We know that the world of finance will not stand still and that complacency can lead to extinction.
Additional Procedures
All of our employees are required to affirm that they have reviewed the Code and will comply with it. Our clients’ interests
always come first. If we serve our clients well, our own success will follow. Our assets are our people, capital and reputation. If
any of these is ever diminished, the last is the most difficult to restore. Despite the infant industry development stage,
regulation and common business practices, we are dedicated and we will do all we can to comply with the letter and spirit of
the laws, rules and ethical principles that govern us. Significant employee stock ownership aligns the interests of our
employees and our shareholders. We take great pride in the professional quality of our work. We have an uncompromising
determination to achieve excellence in everything we undertake. Though we may be involved in a wide variety and heavy
volume of activity, we would, if it came to a choice, rather be best than biggest.
The Shocking Rules
Culture is not what we feel in our hearts. Culture is not a set of principles. Culture is a set of
actions. If we follow our Principles, we have the Culture. We act boldly to make our principles
work.

One is able to build the product only if he/she is a user of what he/she is building


That is about our Clients first principle. Clients are first to build, non clients should be free from such burden. Find and hire
clients only.


Missed the book “What You Do Is Who You Are” in 30 days - we missed you


Those who do not learn the culture of Coinbase and Ripple investors from the book What You Do Is Who You Are - can not stay
with us as it violates the principles; Learn from Titans, Always Learn, Find a 10x better way to do things. Any newcomer has 30
days to read it and share their takeaways.


Newcomers are hired if beat world benchmarks over weekend hackathons


Otherwise it violates the principles:

 • Never waste time. Always Learn.

 • Excel to shift the highest world benchmarks. Find a 10x better way to do things.

 • Comfort is death - get out of comfort.

 • Align each task and second of your life with the clients success.
 • Magnet the people whose culture you want to pass in generations



Are they using their weekends to excel and find a 10x better way to solve problems? Or are they hanging out with those who
are jealous of her growth and demand rituals protecting the comfort status quo? Do they have meaningful, or comfort or
conflict type of relations with their friends and family? What is their social gravity - up or down?

Do they reflect on the week's experience or try to forget it and delete the brain connections holding the memories? Would you
try to recover these connections over Monday and Tuesday?

Test their social gravity - is it about protection of their comfort zone or excelling to shift to the highest world benchmarks
High load pressure of Trading after the bubble
Traders manage the planet. Trading makes people stakeholders of the future. That is not easy and painful for
newbies traders. Thus there are unhappy traders and high load pressure. Are you comfortable to leverage high
load pressure for creativity?


Trading makes people stakeholders of the future. Traders and investors are the global brain predicting the future and
optimising resource allocation to maximize cash flows and stock prices growth. Stock prices change means change in
workforce allocation. Change in stocks prices impact product prices, labour prices, education prices and even dating “prices”.
This price contagion or price transmission through markets optimize goals, values, feelings and actions of billions to maximise
humankind future output.

The reason why you read this text via large screen of mobile device is because of investors who envisioned you with this
device a decade ago.

New traders often start like gamblers and loose money to those who are trained to predict the future market share and cash
flows of traded companies.

Todays’ decisions of politicians, regulators and firms impact economy performance in some years. Some of the newbies start to
connect the dots: how todays news impact the value of stocks in their portfolio and wellbeing. They start to see the future now
and act as stakeholders to make it better. They are a better educated voters, so politicians have less chance to fool them.

55% of adult US population bought stocks in 2019 only. This number is between 0 to 5% in other countries and we have a lot of
work to educate and help people to become stakeholders of the humankind future.


All trading apps has less positive reviews comparing to banking apps
Trading app 2.1 avg vs Banking apps 4.2 avg Trustpilot




                                                                                ⁠
It is not only about crypto, the largest trading app Robinhood has 1.8 Trustpilot review, while valued at 11.2 billion.


LATOKEN has a better outlook as we strive to make the best support service and product




                                      ⁠

Yet, most of scam mentions are to speedup customer support to push KYC forward or restore access to account frozen due to
suspicious activity (such as password brut force attacks). After the issue is resolved, a client would unlikely to remove negative
tweet or review.

Other categories of negative mentions by order of magnitude:

 • High fees for tier 3 tokens where 10-100x price jump resulted in corresponding fees growth before we figure this out and
   fix. Dormant accounts fees were also negative contributors, so we removed them.

 • Weak IEO results. As the largest primary market for digital assets in the world with 170+ IEOs since 2017 we make it easy for
   entrepreneurs to connect with investors. Do not take it wrong, we do not sell or make investment advise. That is not an
   exchange business - we must be neutral. Most of startups would fail to be attractive for investors. Anyway, some
   entrepreneurs expect to pay 2 BTC and get 20 BTC back. Why? Is it their competence or our sales managers solicitation?
   How would we control communications with prospects of a hundred sales ambassadors? We made IEO service free of
   charge in 2019 and such conflicts calmed down.

 • Blackmailing activity (pay me or I will spread negative reviews real or libels)



We have close to 1 million accounts and 474 “latoken scam” mentions in google. It does not mean that we have 474 legal cases.
Binance does not have 19 900 legal cases.

In crypto Scam often have a meaning of an adjective intended to attract attention to negative feelings like “fuck, it does not
work well”. In fiat world the word “scam” mentioned against a company often trigger criminal investigation against company or a
libel lawsuit against the claimant.




                                                              ⁠

In google search results “Binance scam” is mentioned 19 900 times vs 20 million “Binance” or 0.1% . “LATOKEN scam” is
mentioned 474 times vs 1 million “LATOKEN” or 0.047% negative mention ratio.
Crypto trading industry after the bubble means market full of conflicts, scandals and pressure needed to give a
birth to new era of internet of value.


Thousands of crypto startups failed. That is normal for VC market and comparable with dot com bubble. It took 15 years to
recover investments for average investor into tech companies index. Most of the companies which were in this index back to
2000 are bankrupt, few rule the planet today.




Blockchain outperforms internet. Crypto capitalisation recovered 70% of the bubble decline in 2 years comparing to dot com
bubble’s 13 years for corresponding recovery.

However, scale of people involved and lack of regulation facilitated greater number of scums, shareholders and teams’
conflicts, and blackmailing.

Blackmailing attacks are designed to impair clients or team relations are the norm here to force startups to pay to blackmailer.
We do not pay.

Would you invest in a person who would likely to flee at any moment due to negative news?


We prefer to check her “immunity” to conflicts and ability to leverage pressure and constructive conflicts for
growth, creativity and performance.


   In New Orlean (mid 19th), you would not find job or get a loan or marry without immunity to yellow fever. Companies were
   loath to train an employee who might succumb to an outbreak. Fathers were hesitant to marry their daughters to husbands
   who might die. You should get diseased with yellow fever (50% chance to die that time) in order to get the immunity needed
   to become a real citizen.
High load capital markets and bubble scandals enables us to leverage brutal feedback. The main goal of such feedback is to
ensure that adequate performers do not cover each other to protect their comfort status quo at expense of clients and top
performers.

They should either to grow into top performers who challenge each other to grow and perform, instead of covering each
others’ lack of competence and effort. Otherwise adequate performers should go to legacy companies where such behaviour
flourish.

If one violates our   The Principles: Olympics of Freedom and Responsibility to Build the Future we give an immediate public
feedback. If person leverage the feedback to change - he could become a great teammate. If her is trying to defend herself
with growing fake statements and backtalk (to prevent backtalk defence strategy we, like Netflix, fire for both backtalk and
failure to report backtalk) - we want to see it on her first week.


Thus comfort with pressure is a must. And we leverage it for
  First week: star-blast pressure to filter out mediocracy⁠
